Kenai finds his childhood human friend Nita and the two embark on a journey to burn the amulet he gave to her before he was a bear much to Koda's dismay.
Daffy Duck plays a western hero but things don't go as he hoped in a one horse town.
Granny lets Bugs Bunny come in from the cold but her dog Sylvester will have none of it.
Elmer Fudd is a mad scientist who wants to turn Bugs Bunny into a fiend. Bugs tricks this ersatz Dr. Jekyll into drinking his own mixture  later each thinks the other has changed into a bear.
This time Elmer Fudd goes after Bugs using hypnotism only the plan backfires.
While vacationing in the Ozark Mountains Bugs Bunny encounters Curt and Pumpkinhead Martin two dimwitted hillbillies who are duped by Bugs into a violent square dance.
A construction worker destroys Bugs' home with a steam shovel and refuses to repair the damage.
Late at night the mice come out and sing and play to the title tune among others. That is until the cat arrives but he's quickly sent packing.
Bugs the Wolf and bobby-soxer Red chase each other around while Grandma is off working at Lockheed aircraft.
Porky Pig and Daffy Duck owe an outrageous sum to the Broken Arms Hotel. The manager thwarts their efforts to escape without paying their bill.
The introduction cartoon for Petunia Pig deals with Porky's courtship with her. Once he's won her hand in marriage he fantasizes about his future with her which doesn't seem very appealing.
Heckling the Champ gets Bugs into the world championship fight as the challenger.
This time Bugs' race with Cecil Turtle features a rocket-powered tortoise shell.
The signs indicate current bounty prices: $50 for a fox $75 for a bear only 2 cents for a rabbit. Bugs is insulted.
When Bugs attempts to perform Liszt's Second Hungarian Rhapsody he is troubled by a mouse.
In a futuristic city Detectives Monday and Tuesday pursue a wanted criminal.
Bugs and Daffy are vaudevillians competing for praise from the audience. They love Bugs no matter what  just the opposite for Daffy.
Humphrey Bogart visits the Mocrumbo Restaurant. He orders fried rabbit and Elmer Fudd has twenty minutes to serve it.
A cat tired of being abused by everyone in his neighborhood disguises himself as a skunk and inadvertently attracts the romantic advances of a real skunk.
Ralph Wolf tries to forcibly remove Sam Sheepdog in order to gain access to a flock of sheep. Without success he uses a lasso cannon a string of firecrackers and a giant rubber band.
Bugs Bunny becomes a superhero who does battle with a rabbit hating cowboy and horse.
Porky Pig's egg faces production problems when a crooning rooster distracts the hens from their jobs.
Elmer Fudd walks out of a typical Bugs cartoon so Bugs gets back at him by disturbing Elmer's sleep using nightmare paint.
Bugs is being chased by hunting dog Willoughby and outsmarts him at every turn until the end where they outsmart the audience together.
A cat-about-town fancies himself such an irresitible hunk he momentarily resembles Victor Mature. His wooing of a cute kitten gets derailed by a prankster dog using a cat hand puppet to trap him.
An upset Bugs challenges the slick Cecil Turtle to a race.
Bugs challenges Cecil Turtle to race only this time he's wearing an aerodynamic suit like Cecil's. Unfortunately the gambling ring has bet everything on the rabbit and Bugs now looks like a tortoise.
Bugs Bunny exploits the situation when an uncle leaves Elmer Fudd three million dollars on the condition that he harm no animals especially rabbits.
On a tropical island a pair of castaways look to Bugs as a source of food.
Bugs Bunny is chased by Elmer Fudd throughout a TV studio and its various productions.
Daffy Duck convinces Porky Pig to quit the cartoon biz and try his luck in the features. Porky's adventures begin when he tries to enter the studio.
Sylvester sings opera and popular tunes while standing on a back alley fence  Elmer who wants to sleep tries to thwart him.
Bugs conducts the Warner Brothers Symphony in Franz von Suppé's Morning Noon and Night in Vienna while reacting to a bothersome fly.
Elmer threatens to give his dog a bath if he doesn't stop scratching but the poor pooch is the victim of a hungry flea whose tools of the trade include pickaxes and dynamite.
Documentary
Pvt. Snafu suffers the consequences of not keeping his equipment and weapons properly maintained.
A fairy encourages Snafu to duck out of his training regime for his own reasons.
Private Snafu learns the hard way about the need for military dicipline and procedures to maintain an effective army.
A homesick Pvt. Snafu learns that his family are almost as commited to the war efforts as himself.
Pvt. Snafu complains about being assigned to the infantry only to learn that other branches have their own problems.
Snafu inadvertantly starts a panic on his base when he begins a mistaken rumour that the base is about to be bombed.
Uses a twisted beautiful and highly original visual aesthetic to look at the ways individuals evolve adapt and break.
Pvt. Snafu thinks he's too smart to get caught by an enemy booby trap but he soon finds that the traps are alluring and that he is every bit the booby.
Snafu learns of the folly of hoarding and wasting military food supplies.
Snafu learns the need of keeping his gas mask at hand when he is attacked by anthropomorphic gas cloud.
Using Snafu as an example Techanical Fairy First Class teaches the methods of effective camouflage.
Bugs and Daffy get lost on the way to Pismo Beach and find a cave full of treasure in the Arabian Desert guarded by Hassan.
After Bugs' giant gold nugget is stolen by Nasty Canasta he tries to win it back at Canasta's San Francisco gambling hall.
A passing truck spills a variety of hats causing Elmer and Bugs to change personalities in rapid succession to fit the headgear they wind up wearing.
After a traveling magician puts a poster over his home Bugs visits his act to get revenge.
Bugs Bunny gets a draft notice by mistake and joins the army with disastrous results especially for the sergeant of his platoon.
Bugs Bunny is working in the display window of a department store when the manager tries to move him to the taxidermy department and have him stuffed.
An apple falls on Bugs' head transporting him back to King Arthur's England.
David the Gnome and Swift the Fox embark on a search to find a gold treasure stolen by trolls.
Snafu has an object lesson on the value of complete and accurate regular reports when he discovers and reports evidence of the enemy's presence at his assigned area.
Technical Fairy First Class shows Snafu the consequences of frittering away his pay.
Snafu learns hard way the consequences of not protecting himself from malaria infection.
Pvt. Snafu becomes a superhero only for him to become the world's dumbest one because he won't study his field manuals.
The true story of a man who built a house to heal his wife.
An armada of malaria-laden mosquitoes seeks human targets and finds Private Snafu who fails to protect himself adequately against their onslaught.
Dissatisfied with being assigned to shoe consignment detail Snafu learns about the true value of his responsibilities
As the Devil watches Pvt. Snafu and his unit stationed in Iran he talks about the hazards of working in the heat.
A humourous look at the Aleutian Islands and their strategic value.
A haggard mosquito complains how tough life is with the military taking the proper precautions against malaria infection.
Private Snafu is stranded on a tiny island with a Japanese officer  he must depend on his wits to defend himself against his sword-wielding foe.
Private Snafu steals secret Japanese war plans is captured and tried.  He escapes and rows out to sea.
Sparky is a spunky little sports car who can't wait to grow up but first he needs to learn the rules of the road. Sparky snubs car washes curfews and speed limits driving his poor dad to distraction.
A waitress desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being but she has to do face the same problem after she kisses him.
Private Snafu (Situation Normal  All Fucked Up)  presents his brother Tarfu (Things Are Really Fucked Up) who was a carrier pigeon keeper and has joined the Navy
Burroughs takes down a book and reads us the story of Danny the Carwiper who spends Christmas Day trying to score a fix but finds the Christmas spirit instead.
After getting mixed in with a bale of cotton Bugs ends up on a Mississippi riverboat where he meets up with the notorious gambler Col. Shuffle.
Wile E. Coyote genius announces to Bugs Bunny that he is going to catch him and eat him and then employs a variety of gadgets and plans in an attempt to do so.
Bugs Bunny is tormented by his own animator in this successor to the 1953 cartoon Duck Amuck.
Bugs Bunny is abducted by Marvin the Martian and brought to Mars to be the companion to his pet abominable snowman Hugo who will hug him and squeeze him and call him George.
Wile E. Coyote genius tries to catch Bugs Bunny with the help of a Univac Electronic Brain.
After eating their fill at a cheese factory Hubie and Bertie decide there is nothing left to live for and try to get Claude Cat to eat them.
The three bears try to train to become vaudeville stars but things do not go well for Pa Bear.
In this surreal cartoon that plays with the idea of sound effects a near-deaf old man finds one of the devil's lost horns and tries to use it as an ear trumpet.
Rupert Bear goes on a walk in the hills near his home where he encounters a community of frogs who join together in a musical extravaganza.
A Far Eastern fairy tale classic springs to life in this tale of handsome Prince Chen the peasant girl he is forbidden to love and the tiny nightingale who holds the key to their happiness!
Tom Canty a poor beggar boy who lives with his abusive father trades places with Prince Edward the son of King Henry VIII and the royal heir to the throne.
Presenting a whimsical holiday surprise package bursting with comical elfin escapades Yuletide musical fun and brilliantly animated fairy magic!
Inside a secret door under the stairs Claire and her sister Caitlin find an enchanted trunk a magical locket and an invitation that whisks them away to a magical kingdom.
A kind hearted young orphan boy and his loyal cat discover the true spirit of Christmas in this delightfully animated Yuletide tale of musical magical holiday cheer!
Heroic characters memorable songs and thrilling deeds weave an unforgettable story of faith and courage amid the splendors of ancient Egypt in this brilliantly animated Enchanted Tale!
The Fantastic Mr. Fox bored with his current life plans a heist against the three local farmers. The farmers tired of sharing their chickens with the sly fox seek revenge against him and his family.
Computer-generated animation about the daily lives of dinosaurs narrated by Werner Herzog.
The Man of Steel finds himself outshone by a new team of ruthless superheroes who hold his idealism in contempt.
Barbie and her friends stumble onto a movie set and get cast as extras. But their friendship is tested when one of the girls makes a quick rise to stardom.
Plucky young Lotte embarks on an adventure with her uncle Klaus to solve the mystery of three stones that a pair of hooded figures are attempting to retrieve.
Virgil a cartoon character born into the real world recounts his life story to a news reporter as he is preparing to take his life.
Bugs Bunny stumbles on the carrot patch of Paul Bunyan but doesn't realize that it is guarded by a 124-foot 4600-ton dog named Smidgen.
At the Hodge Podge Lodge a crotchety near-sighted Mister Magoo takes a banjo-playing bear to be his nephew Waldo.
A short film based on Edgar Allan Poe's The Pit and the Pendulum and Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam's A Torture by Hope.
American history from Columbus landing and found that George Bush becomes president. College Film by Trey Parker.
Experimental short film in which color patches are painted directly on film boxes
In nineteenth-century Russia a teenage boy in search of love is drawn to two very different women.
Werner Andi and Eckat play dice to determine the next king of the trio. When Werner is crowned king he decides for all of them to skip work and start for Korsika.
Abstract animation.
Short movie where a little old man trying to get up from the toilet. He gets a helping hand.
Norman Normal is pressured to act in ways he finds uncomfortable by his boss his father and the people around him.
Goofy tries to set up his new home theater in time for the big game with disastrous results.
When the young orphan boy James spills a magic bag of crocodile tongues he finds himself in possession of a giant peach that flies him away to strange lands.
An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home.
Abstract animated short film. Grey and white squares change size and shape on a black background.
We watch white shapes dancing on black background which changes when the white shape fills up the screen completely and black lines and figures bounce around on the now white background.
An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend.
SmodCo Animations gathered in one big collection.  (With excerpts from SModcast.com’s own Hollywood Babble-On and Jay &amp  Silent Bob Get Old!)
Colorful hallucinogenic trip in a cartoon fantasy world or as Timothy Leary put it Cheery pop images and mellow lyrics.
Mr. Rossi goes camping.
Mister Rossi goes to the seaside.
Mister Rossi goes on a Photo-Safari in Africa.
Mister Rossi goes to Venice.
Mister Rossi buys a car.
Mister Rossi goes skiing.
Mister Rossi wins an Oscar.
Swans peacocks ducks and more birds dance in this Silly Symphony.
A group of beavers cheerily build a dam in this Silly Symphony.
An old plate tells the tale of the Emperor of China whose palace was disrupted by some children.
A spider gets lost inside the sphinx in this Silly Symphony.
A book of nursery rhymes plays for Old King Cole.
Flowers and trees dance to the music in this Silly Symphony.
The story is about Haruki an eleven-year-old boy who is also the prince of all insects. It is possible he can shrink himself to any size. But that isn't important right now.
An abstract animation about people and organs of the body in and out of drawers.
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit runs a trolley but finds the job is more trouble than its worth in his debut short
While escaping a dull party Bruce Wayne finds Catwoman robbing a vault and gives chase as Batman.
An over confident teen with a magical weapon and a handful of imperfect gods join forces against an evil queen and her army of giants
A story about Mr. Rossi and his dog who go on vacation and all the adventures they have from leading an animal revolt to climbing the Andes or heading to the beach and being serenaded by strange fish.
Bugs battles Wile E. Coyote. A ten trillion volt electric magnet draws everything imaginable.
Bugs rescues a penguin from an Inuit hunter at the South Pole and becomes obligated to it beyond his wildest dreams.
When Bugs takes Wile E. Coyote's place in a cartoon the Bugs/Coyote roles and rules become confused.
Wile E. is stalking Bugs this time but with no more success than he has against the roadrunner.
Mickey's trying to do some yardwork but Pluto wants to play. They end up indoors  Mickey breaks a screen spreads flypaper and they both get stuck.
We see bunny rabbits preparing for Easter by making chocolate eggs and rabbits decorating eggs and weaving and filling baskets.
In this animated tale detective Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson investigate a cursed family.
Animated short of a Cowboys' psychedelic Odyssey.
Torkel is an average teenager whose life takes a turn for the worse when a girl who had a crush on him kills herself and an unknown maniac starts stalking him.
Gwen is a young girl adopted by a nomad tribe in a desert post-apocalyptic world. When Gwen's friend is kidnapped she and an old woman called Roseline embark on a trip to bring him back.
An animate poem about a Filipino night fisherman. From the dual language Tagalog/English book 'Buhay Sa Angono/Life in Angono'.
Peraustrínia 2004 is the first animated full-length feature to have been recorded entirely in Catalan. It was directed by Ángel García and written by Joan Marimón.
Dog surly hopes that his and Cat's parent were out for their big surprise.
A girl whose heart beats faster than normal and so loudly that it bothers the neighbors seeks both acceptance and escape.
The Big Bad Wolf torments Robin Hood and the Three Little Pigs.
Penguins dance and play in Antarctica in this Silly Symphony.
Cookies pastries and other desserts have a parade in this Silly Symphony.
A kitten runs off to be a robber with a dog in this Silly Symphony.
A colony of nymph babies bathe and play in a river in this Silly Symphony.
A robin is shot so the woodland community holds a trial to investigate in this Silly Symphony.
Pluto accidentally hatches a bunch of chickens and looks after them until the hen returns.
Two little pigs cry wolf on their brother and then an actual wolf comes.
Toby Tortoise is back and this time he and Max Hare box instead of racing.
Bugs of all kinds convene on a jazz club for an evening of fun in this Silly Symphony.
After his two brothers are captured the third little pig invents a machine to capture the big bad wolf.
Figaro the cat wants to eat Cleo the goldfish in this Pinocchio short.
Santa Claus must train a shy little boy to replace him as he reluctantly retires.
The last moments of a creature made out of fruits and vegetables.
A simple hitman job. Things don't go as expected.
A tale of lost innocence greed and the random justice of nature. When a boy and girl find an idol in the stomach of a rabbit its magical abilities lead to riches. But for how long?
From the makers of Hardware Wars comes an all puppet remake of Plan 9 From Outer Space.
A magnet moves on a floor. A moth beats against a window. A doll child watches the magnet  threads of metal filings gather around the magnet.
Short animated film featuring the song Can't Go Wrong Without You by His Name Is Alive.
When Your mum is a Witch be careful what You play with
Spike &amp  Mike's Classic Festival of Animation is a compilation of various animated shorts ranging from absolutely brilliant to downright awful.
The film deals with the friends and minstrels Tim and Teddy and the monkey who steals Teddy’s mandolin and heads up the mountain to catch him.
Elegant story about the beginning and end of a relationship simply drawn and beautifully animated. Short in international festivals such as the Seattle International Film Festival 2008.
Animation short made ​​entirely with sand on glass recorded frame by frame without post-production.
Considered one of the most amazing original and daring animated shorts in 2007 The Bellringer by Dustin Rees tells us how crazy we can end when our lives are completely controlled by the clock.
Maybe if you knew where your Teddy Bear came from you wouldn't hug him so tightly.
It's a whimsical romp through Wonderland when Alice falls down the rabbit hole and finds herself in a strange land filled with a fabulous menagerie of curious characters.
Friends from the land of the Fairy Tale Tree become trapped in Winterland and must find 5 magical crystals to return home.
Seasonal animation in which a hamster a rabbit and a guinea pig embark on a journey to deliver a Christmas present lost by Santa Claus
A woman strives to engineer a dream-food that can put a stop to the famine that has lain waste to a dystopian near future Tokyo.
A boy the son of famous musicians is kicked out of a music university when he spends too much time with tending plants. A flower fairy helps him out as thanks for his treatment of the plants.
Two kids travel to a city where silence is kept sacred.
Satire on the vicissitudes of a politician who should inaugurate a bridge and the problems he finds.
Jankovic’s adaptation of the eponymous play is divided into multiple parts and depicts the creation and fall of Man throughout history.
A documentary about Tama a female calico cat who gained fame for being a station master and operating officer at Kishi Station on the Kishigawa Line in Kinokawa Wakayama Japan.
A young princess named Snow White is sent away from her palace to live in the woods due to the jealousy of her stepmother.
Dex a superdog sleuth is the law of the land when the world's most recognized brands take on the forces of evil and the devilish Brand X.
Kabuto is a tengu who has to save a princess from fortress which is full of monster-mecha hybrids in an alternate reality of feudal Japan.
A young boy named Rentaro and other ninja apprentices attend Ninjutsu Gakuen - a top ninja academy. Rentaro is determined to become an elite ninja!
In the Western town of Rising Gorge Bugs faces off against Yosemite Sam the roughest toughest he-man stuffest hombre who's ever crossed the Rio Grande.
The narration of Sigourney Weaver the music of Jason Miles and an animated format bring to life this classic fairy tale
Animated version of Don Quixote.
After a mutant peculiar pumpkin blows up on the Murphy’s carrot lawn zombie green beans begin fighting the immediate place and it’s up to the Creatures to preserve the evening again.
A Shrek parody of Michael Jackson's Thriller song and music video with Donkey singing.
The story of a fastidiously organized businessman whose perspective on life is forever changed through an unexpected encounter with a tiny fledgling bird.
Picking up where Shark Tale ends all the characters of the film dance at the whale wash in a spoof of Saturday Night Fever.
A glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with a collection of stories of dark fantasy eroticism and horror.
Wile E. Coyote tries to catch the Road Runner
Hypnosis doesn't help the Coyote catch the Road Runner nor do a clutch of string-controlled rifles or dozens of mousetraps but they all manage to backfire on him naturally.
When the warren belonging to a community of rabbits is threatened a brave group led by Fiver Bigwig Blackberry and Hazel leave their homeland in a search of a safe new haven.
Compilation of episodes 1-2 of the Space Battleship Yamato 2199 TV anime.
Compilation of episodes 3-6 of the Space Battleship Yamato 2199 TV anime.
A successful farmyard revolution by the resident animals vs. the farmer goes horribly wrong when corrupt pigs hijack it for their personal gain.
Mice Hubie and Bertie drive Claude the cat insane through an escalating series of head games.
An explorer adventures into an unknown world yet it seems that he has been there before.
Animated short based on a short story from Ray Bradbury.  The viewer observes a computer-controlled house in the near future and learns of the fates of its occupants.
Animated short based on the story of the same name by Andrei Platonov.
Paint-on-glass animated short project overseen by Aleksandr Petrov.
Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical model that comes to life at midnight in a school.
When Scooby and the gang hear of a werewolf plaguing a traveling circus they go undercover as circus performers to get to thebottom the mystery.
Ali Baba is a poor woodcutter who unexpectedly discovers the secret hideout of a gang of thieves. In a magical cave of thieves keep the immense treasures that have been usurped over the years.
Robbie and Donner's wedding is interrupted when Donner is kidnapped by aliens. Robbie saves the day again though with the help of his friends and an alien crystal.
A jazzy riff on 'Fantasia' from the creator of Gumby.
A secluded bookstore comes to life in madcap pop culture reference-heavy fashion.
Years after failing to catch Little Red Riding Hood the obsessed Wolf tries again.
Porky puts his cats out in the snow but then they put him out and have a party. Expelling them again Porky goes to bed only to be terrorized by the felines' mock Martian invasion.
Three fun-loving morally upright brothers from Pimento University save their fiancée from their fiendish archenemy Dan Backslide in this spoof of the Rover Boys.
Aunt Fanny gives a tour of the Robot City Train Station to motley collection of robots including Fender Zinc Tammy Hacky and an Old Lady-Bot.
A collection of William Kentridge's animated short films made between 1989 and 2003.
Bugs gets roped into delivering the Easter Rabbit's eggs for him.
When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement.
It's a ten minute video which aired in Japan in June 1988 features Goku and his friends as firefighters explain how to deal with fire.
Third film of the Mardock Scramble series. Rune Balot goes to a casino connected to the October corporation to try to wrap up her case once and for all.
Elmer Fudd chases Bugs Bunny all the way from the woods to a local movie theater where cinema-related hijinks ensue.
A chimney sweep and his beloved shepherdess are aided by Wonderbird in their escape from a ruthless dictator
A biography of Vincent van Gogh using only images and the letters he wrote to his brother Theo.
Buck can slow time to a crawl. How will he use his new power? To impress a girl of course.
The chronicle of the space age written through a certain immortal psionics's activity.
Backwater is doomed by the regular visits of the undertaker and its dwellers blame a tramp.
The Fellowship of the Ring embark on a journey to destroy the One Ring and end Sauron's reign over Middle-earth.
A strange creature races against time to make the most important and beautiful creation of his life.
Two Bar-ba-loots take The Once-ler's wagon on a ride they won't soon forget.
Determined to scare The Once-ler out of Truffula Valley The Lorax decides to create the illusion of ominous forces of nature.
George cuts out a paper star to top his Christmas tree but dissatisfied decides to go for the real thing - an unusually bright star that seems to beckon him from the sky.
Why are aliens visiting our planet? This enchanting animated short film follows a visitor from another world as it starts its journey on Earth.
Herself must stop an evil king from upsetting the balance of nature in this animated adventure.
A spoiled brat sends a very long list to Santa Claus who misdelivers the gifts to a town with the same name as the boy who learns it's better to give than receive.
A hypocritical swinging college student cat raises hell in a satiric vision of various elements on the 1960's.
A policeman white blood cell with the help of a cold pill must stop a deadly virus from destroying the human they live in Frank.
Her name is about all you can handle.
Two children in the Viking age find their way into the magical world of Norse mythology.
There is a plot under way to change the course of history. Four kids are chosen to be the Freedom Force—a gang of unlikely heroes who travel through time to change the outcome of sacred stories.
A little girl goes down to the basement cellar to fetch some potatoes and finds all her hidden fears about the cellar depicted in animated form.
The ending to the cancelled Space Warrior Baldios television series.
A sometimes harsh sometimes goofy look at the routines that give our lives form.
A singing notebook tells 3 puppets to be creative. They singalong but they're not creative as they should be. The notebook has crazy feelings about organs.
This cartoon follows two ducks and a pet robot at an amusement park in the future where time travel is exploited.
The film brings to life in one nightmarish vision three detailed engravings from the early 30s created by Estonian artist Eduard Viiralt: The Preacher Cabaret and Hell.
Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale?
Tom Turkey and his friends play their harmonicas so enthusiastically that they nearly destroy the general store.
Mr. Resistor tries to catch himself a woman.
Porky Pig goes on a hunt to catch the surreal elusive last Do-Do bird.
The seventeenth Crayon Shin-chan movie.
Animated shapes dance to Cuban music. This was one of the first animations to be painted directly onto the film.
Simple story about the man who comes to the beach and uses inflatable objects for all of his needs.
Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underworld ruled by the Goblin King in order to stop a mortal named The Amazing Krudsky who wants power and is a threat to their pals Fred Velma and Daphne.
Short animation of a Russian folk tale made in 1981. A parody of the fable by Ivan Krylov The Crow and the Fox.
The Yugoslavian film Satiemania by Zdenko Gasparovic is the most relentlessly violent film I have seen since Fantasmagorie
When Dale and Frank spark an environmental catastrophe that threatens to destroy the entire planet these clueless hosers must travel back in time to set the future right.
The rematch of the century.
A glass blower imagines that his creations come to life.  A story of love contained within a single drop of rain.  A voyage into ethereal beauty.
Pluto is pressed into duty to deliver a sack of mail to a remote arctic outpost helped along by a playful arctic rabbit.
A doctor unrelentingly tries to convince a phobic guy to come out of his isolation room.
When Rex finds himself left behind in the bathroom he puts his limbs to use by getting a bath going for a bunch of new toy friends.
Aided by his horse Percy Goofy takes horsemanship to a new level.
On the trail of a missing husband private investigator Goro crosses paths with a deranged killer.
Toys in a shop window come to life and visit a poverty-stricken little girl as she sleeps. She awakens to find that her shack has been refurbished and that the toys are about to throw her a party.
The Card Kingdom is a prominent land that is taken over by invaders and it's up to the Crown Knights to push back the invaders and protect their land with all their might.
Garfield Jon and Odie go to Jon's family farm for Christmas where Garfield finds a present for Grandma.
In this adaptation of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol Daffy Duck is the greedy proprietor of the Lucky Duck Mega-Mart and all he can think about is the money to be made during the holiday season.
In this animated follow-up to Fairytopia Elina (played by Barbie) enlists the help of a mermaid Nori to save her friend Nalu a merman prince who has been captured by the wicked Laverna.
Belle prepares the castle for Christmas against Beast's wishes trying to bring him happiness for the season...
A re-editing of the 11 television episodes of popular anime Higashi no Eden into a feature-length film.
Ghost pirates attack the cruise ship that Scooby and the gang are vacationing on.
A young boy makes a snowman one Christmas Eve which comes to life at midnight and takes the boy on a magical adventure to the North Pole to meet Santa Claus.
Christmas in Tokyo Japan. Three homeless friends: a young girl a transvestite and a middle-aged bum. While foraging through some trash they find an abandoned newborn.
A TV set awakens and tries to tune himself in but with no success. When he accidentally comes across the weather channel it’s the weather girl rather than the weather which catches his attention...
A sneaker-wearing hairy monster chases Bugs through a castle belonging to an evil scientist.
Rikki is a young mongoose who is adopted by a human family after nearly drowning in the river. He returns the favour by protecting them from two murderous cobra.
At Christmas time Mickey Mouse Minnie and Pluto are beset by an enormous litter of bratty orphan cats.
The story of a girl with a dream and a cat. Her efforts ultimately lead her to fulfill the dream and make this movie which in turn is the story of a girl with a dream and a cat…
Robin Hood steals from the rich and give to the poor and needs the help of Tom and Jerry! Your favorite daring duo aims to beloved medieval tale in a new film is all for one and one for all!
A man undresses and takes to flight while another man and his dog witness him.
In this animated sci-fi adventure set in the future a brave band of adolescents work together to defeat an invasion of alien invaders and a fearsome dragon.
A doctor goes to a dinner party where he's made fun of and soon afterwards returns home and sends a monster to attack the people.
The Hans Christian Anderson tale gets a new treatment this time with a rat trying to exploit the talents of a little ugly duckling for profit.
The Pink Panther decides to construct and fly a kite
While streetworker Mickey romances Minnie Mickey's nephews Morty and Ferdie take control of his steamroller and it's full speed ahead on a very destructive ride.
Two Hobbits struggle to destroy the Ring in Mount Doom while their friends desperately fight evil Lord Sauron's forces in a final battle.
Barbie and her band The Rockers preform a charity concert in outer space.
Felix the Cat can't find anything to eat so he bribes Father Time to send him back to when life was easier. However the Stone Age turns out to have its own problems. (IMDb)
An adaptation of Ottfried Preussler's popular children's book.
Being one of 101 takes its toll on Patch who doesn't feel unique. When he's accidentally left behind on moving day he meets his idol Thunderbolt who enlists him on a publicity campaign.
This is an animated story covering the ancient legend of Beowulf as narrated by Grendel himself the monster in the legend.
An ordinary Lego mini-figure mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together.
A flying fish hopes to lead his family from their New York home to Barbados.
A young boy travels back to the 17th century to battle pirates off the coast of Peru.
Dunderklumpen lives all alone in the mountains of Jämtland. One Midsummer's Eve when he feels very lonely he sets off on a journey to find friends.
While on the cruise ship Dennis Joey Margaret and Ruff find a princess who is being hypnotized meanwhile two crooks are after the ring the princess wears.
Explore Bruce Wayne's transition from his beginning as a tormented vigilantee to The Dark Knight of a crumbling metropolis with six distinct chapters but intended to be viewed as a whole.
A Halloween special featuring appropriately-themed rock and roll songs set to scenes from the Disney library of classic animation.
A baby lamp finds a ball to play with and it's all fun and games until the ball bursts. Just when the elder Luxo thinks his kid will settle down for a bit Luxo Jr. finds a ball ten times bigger.
Three young houseflies stow away aboard the Apollo 11 flight to the moon.
Daffy Duck is a detective who is hunting for the Shorepshire Slasher.
Continuing his legendary adventures of awesomeness Po must face two hugely epic but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home.
An urban office worker finds that paper airplanes are instrumental in meeting a girl in ways he never expected.
Daffy is supposedly a super hero and tries to show off his super powers.
A powerful statement against war Barefoot Gen is a story about the effect of the atomic bomb on a boy's life and the lives of the Japanese people.
Three years after the Hiroshima bombing a teenager helps a group of orphans to survive and find their new life.
Mater tells Lightning McQueen about his former job as a daredevil.
Bigfoot checks into Hotel Transylvania to get some sleep but keeps getting disturbed by a zealous witch maid.
In the not-too-distant future a young boy travels to an alien world to find his father and learn of his destiny.
Set right before Christmas Niko the reindeer must deal with his mom getting re-married and his being tasked with looking after his little stepbrother.
A sexy maid equipped with a chainsaw is a family's only hope against hordes of the undead zombies.
Batman has stopped the reign of terror that The Mutants had cast upon his city.  Now an old foe wants a reunion and the government wants The Man of Steel to put a stop to Batman.
A soldier returning home from war chances upon a stranger who offers to buy his violin the stranger is none other than the devil
A little boy wishes he could bring a Christmas tree to his father who is working in Antarctica.
An experimental animation from Jordan Belson
Animated fable about a cliché hunchbacked evil scientist's assistant who aspires to become a scientist himself much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community.
If you repeat the word 'fly' for long enough it sounds like you are saying 'life'. This is of no help to Peter. His answers lie in the brain of the beetle.
In this follow-up to his stop-motion hit Western Spaghetti director PES transforms familiar objects into Fresh Guacamole.
Garfield escapes from the car on a trip to the vet and finds the place where he grew up.
Eliza and Debbie are two sisters who don't always get along. But their relationship is put to the test when Debbie's life is in danger and Eliza might have to give up her power to talk to animals....
This short little cartoon is based on the popular song by Jack Rollins and Steve Nelson first recorded in 1950 by Gene Autry as his followup to Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer.
Disney Short about Pablo the Penguin and his journey to find a warm place.
A year has passed since Guts parted ways with the Band of the Hawks. Meanwhile his former mercenary group is plotting a rescue mission to save an imprisoned Griffith.
Four stoners five vegans three mobsters four hunters and a million reasons to free one junkie elephant.
Betty Boop goes to Grandma's through the woods despite wolf warnings  but Bimbo follows and gives the old story a new twist.
Elmer is a dim-witted hunter whose wooking for wabbits. Bugs proceeds to confuse bamboozle and otherwise humiliate the poor simp.
Based on the fairytales of the North Russia.
A tale of a pack who set out on a journey following a black bear.
A special Robot Chicken film consisting of comedic vignettes about DC comics characters.
An animated retelling set to Prokofiev's suite. Peter is a slight lad solitary locked out of the woods by his protective grandfather
Mater's decision to fly lands him accidentally at a big airshow.
An illustration of a traditional French Canadian song in the form of progressing cutouts and still pictures.
A mysterious suicide and a series of unmanned robot run-aways sparks off a Police investigation into the suspicious software on-board thousands of industrial robots around Tokyo.
Popeye Olive Oyl and all other King Features comic strip characters are invited on a cruise hosted by Professor Grimsby a man who hates laughter
Funny adventures of the clumsy fellow whom his wife dispatched to the forest for the New Year tree
Popeye and Bluto fight for the love of Olive Oyl in their debut short featuring Betty Boop.
A retelling of the Biblical story of Judith and Holofernes exploring female aggression and the links between war and sexual desire.
The film tells us how painted little man became alive and went to the wood for the fir-tree. Source : animator.ru
An organ grinder and his monkey make their way down a New York streetscape.
A hungry cat disguises herself as a skunk to get in on feeding time at the zoo but amorous Pepe thinks she's the real thing and pours on his Maurice Chevalier impression to win her over.
A frozen Tyrannosaurus rex is found and put on display in a museum but when he thaws out and revives Superman has to stop his rampage!
Criminals with rocket powered car loot and extort the city and only Superman can stop them!
When things go wrong at the circus it's up to Superman to stop the escaped animals.
The children of the Avengers hone their powers and go head to head with the very enemy responsible for their parents' demise.
Animation using woodcuts to craft a bizarre science fiction experiment. Moving spheres such as balloons and bubbles are superimposed on static backgrounds to suggest travel and discovery.
A heart-warming tale about friendship honour &amp  courage which sees a young boy become a man as he embarks on a quest to become a knight.
Finding that the prize for best duck at the National Poultry Show is only $5.00 but $5000 for the best rooster Daffy disguises himself as one but then becomes the object of Henery Hawk's chicken hunt.
This early animated short depicts a Stone Age-era circus.
A re-telling of Casablanca starring Bugs Bunny and the Looney Tunes cast.
An animated chorus line of treats dances down a theater aisle while singing a jingle that encourages the audience to visit the concession stand.
The donkey Rucio tells the true story of Don Quixote and defends the idea that he wasn't insane but a very intelligent passionate and enthusiastic fellow.
Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche in this new feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy.
Takeru meets the boy Jodis which is in trouble for theft. Takeru saves him shares the night with him finding out that Jodis is a girl. Later she is been kidnapped and Takeru goes to rescue her.
A wall blocks the path of two people. One man submits while the other refuses to admit defeat.
Study in motion based on Muybridge’s photographs of man running.
A short surreal animation created with fashion magazine clippings and sound collages.
In her only color cartoon Betty Boop goes to the ball thanks to the good fairy  later only her foot fits the glass slipper.
Little Bo Peep has lost her sheep and that leaves one of them vulnerable to a pack of hillbilly wolves. It's Mighty Mouse to the rescue!
Penelope an American tourist cat who's gotten a white stripe of paint down her back is pursued through the Casbah by the amorous skunk Pepe Le Pew who woos her with his rendition of As Time Goes By.
When Bugs calls a cab he doesn't know it's the getaway car for a couple of bankrobbers (he does know the capital of Nevada).
To the sound of trumpets a collection of pulverised antique bric-a-brac begins to reassemble itself revealing a stuffed owl a cornet a hamper books a doll a plate - and a bomb...
Dr. Stephen Strange embarks on a wondrous journey to the heights of a Tibetan mountain where he seeks healing at the feet of the mysterious Ancient One.
The origin story of Super Mouse (later changed to Mighty Mouse).
On a sandy desert a man made of sand constructs other sand creatures to help make a beautiful sand castle for themselves.
Detective Mater is hot on the trail of a dastardly car-napping! When Tia's sister goes missing Mater is the only car she can turn to. With this tow truck on the case anything can happen.
Mowgli missing the jungle and his old friends runs away from the man village unaware of the danger he's in by going back to the wild.
The snow covered mountains  but not to worry rescue dog Pluto is on duty. Actually given that he barely keeps himself safe maybe you should worry. A playful seal keeps stealing his cask of grog.
A young boy named Melvin and a purple television dinosaur named Ted have happy adventures that lead them into the clutches of Randy the Killer Clown and his Goon Squad.
A house painter can't understand why everything he paints blue turns pink. Little does he guess that the Pink Panther is repainting all his work.
You may like having a good lunch in a quiet place like the park... But what if your lunch doesn't? In the street everyone can hear you scream but honestly who cares?
A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
A genius hacker and his dog help an enigmatic young woman to free the remaining test subjects of a black ops ESP test lab.
Filmed like the travel journey of a Western traveler in search of Madagascar's customs. The pages turn the drawings come to life and the luxuriant landscapes of Madagascar appear one after another.
The wacky/jolly/hair-raising adventures of singing streetcar conductor Foxy.
Cossacks travel to Europe playing football and the court of Louis and British citizens and the German knights.
A young boy joins a band of ninja during a peasant uprising all depicted through an experimental form of filming pages from the original manga set to sound.
A trailer created for the Community Chest features Donald as a charity collector having a hard time.
Original short that introduced Bosko never released. Producer-directors Hugh Harman and Rudolf Ising showed it to various studio executives as a pilot for the Bosko character.
A six-part BBC documentary miniseries. Both the dinosaurs and their environments are completely computer generated.
Barbie stars as Clara in this animated retelling of the classic Christmas ballet complete with Tchaikovsky soundtrack and ballet choreography.
Bosko is a Mountie in the cold snowy north. His sergeant demands that he get his man: a peg-legged villain wanted dead or alive.
Facing high meat prices a man decides to take his dog and go hunt for his own but the crazy rabbit they are after is not very easy to catch.
Everyone's Hero is the heartwarming story of a young boy's journey to help Babe Ruth and the New York Yankees win the World Series.
Mickey Mouse joins a mouse army to battle evil cats.
An aging out-of-work actress accepts one last job though the consequences of her decision affect her in ways she hadn't considered.
Among the episodes in this compilation are Pig's Present in which Pig discovers the benefits of patience and The Race to Mystery Island which finds Frog and Pig carrying competition too far.
Word World is a show that is designed to help children to learn their letters. The entire animated world of WordWorld is made out of letters and the characters work through challenges to form words.
An animated film made in 2004 by the Swiss director Georges Schwizgebel. It is an adaptation of The Curious Case of Peter Shlemihl written by German writer Adelbert von Chamisso 1813 novel.
After a wisdom tooth operation a man decides to let his friend pull out one of the stitches.
Mickey Minnie and their famous friends Goofy Donald Daisy and Pluto gather together to reminisce about the love magic and surprises in three wonder-filled stories of Christmas past.
Bugs has to defend the Earth's right to exist in an intergalactic court.
A BBC documentary sequel to the acclaimed miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs The Ballad of Big Al chronicles the life of one Allosaurus fragilis named Big Al.
A political satire in which an animated man with a drum is waiting for his cue.
Charlie Dog attempts to ingratiate himself to a southern plantation owner.
Mickey flirts with Minnie on the farm but she spurns him - making him look bad in the eyes of his helper Horace Horsecollar.
A black cat sings and dances animated using cut-outs.
Betty Boop and Bimbo take a wild streetcar ride to Crazy Town where birds swim fish fly and everthing else reverses normal behavior.
Mickey Mouse conducts an orchestra while the rest of the Disney menagerie of the era provides a dance recital with Horace Horsecollar as stage manager and Pluto continually sneaking on stage.
On a South Sea isle Bimbo meets Betty in the guise of a hula dancer.
Mickey Mouse -- The Screen's Best Loved Animated Comic
An initially realistic chess game becomes a chaotic animated quest for the favors of Betty Boop (the black queen) by Bimbo (white king) and others with elements of bowling and football. Koko appears.
Reis and Dunn (with Betty Boop) sing the Irving Berlin song with a Bouncing Ball. In a cartoon army camp everything rises before the soldiers.
A sinking ship leaves three survivors on a life raft: Bimbo Koko and Betty Boop. Good news/bad news: they're rescued by a pirate ship…
Betty Koko and Bimbo sell a weird concoction in their medicine show.
Betty's campaign tries to appeal to everyone. Real candidates are parodied but campaign promises are a bit bizarre.
Mickey performs all his chores while whistling or singing. The big excitement is when Fanny the hen who hasn't laid an egg in some time lays a super-giant egg.
Daredevil sign painters Bimbo and Koko like what they see through the window of Betty Boop's Dancing School and stay for a lesson.
An American Indian boy and girl sing and dance in the forest along with the animals. Trouble begins when a fire threatens baby birds in their nest.
Betty Boop and friends meet Louis Armstrong on a jungle safari.
Everyone loves the wheat cakes served by short-order cook Betty but they have a drawback. With Bimbo and Koko  no bee is involved.
This short is largely a re-telling of the Noah's Ark story with modifications in the style of Terrytoons. Farmer Al Falfa is basically Noah here.
Garfield and his pup pal Odie go trick-or-treating only to wind up in a house haunted by ghostly pirates.
A playful dog exploring the newly created world comes upon the first man.
A Bosko cartoon....
A Bosko cartoon....
A Bosko cartoon....
Bosko is a brave little boxer who battles the champion Gas House Harry. The enormous brute proves a bit much even for a plucky underdog.
While ice-skating on a frozen pond Bosko and his dog discover a baby abandoned in the snow.
Lillian Schartz's first computer animated film.
The Dragon Hill temperatures are dropping sharply. Both a little elf a forest guard and dying begs the gods for help. They attend the prayer but in a way that will surprise who raised it.
When Max makes an preposterous promise to his girlfriend his chances to fulfilling it seem hopeless when he is dragged onto a cross-country trip with his embarrassing father Goofy.
When a desperate Mr. Freeze to save his dying wife kidnaps Barbara (Batgirl) Gordon as an involuntary organ donor Batman and Robin must find her before the operation can begin.
Mei has an adventure with a Kittenbus and her relatives. Totoro appears.
Ordered to teach a martial arts class of rambunctious bunny kittens Po tells stories of each of the Furious Five's pasts
Sabrina must prove that she is worthy of attending an academy for witches.
A mysterious young girl wanders a desolate otherworldly landscape carrying a large egg.
A wolf gets a job in an office plenty of sexy and succulent sheep.
When a space renegade Tonga threatens the Earth a crew of shrunken people and robots must be injected into the comatose body of the only girl who can direct a successful counterattack.
Edmond is a misfit at the office. When his co-workers pull a prank giving him donkey ears Edmond realizes his true nature: he in fact is a real donkey.
For Donald's birthday he receives a box with three gifts inside. The gifts a movie projector a pop-up book and a pinata each take Donald on wild adventures through Mexico and South America.
When a boy child is stolen by bears who raise him as their own his human parents hunt the bears in despair and the boy is faced with the dilemma of who and what he is.
Once we called the noble profound and mysterious existence The Great. We have moved with the time our thought and consciousness has changed. And yet what makes us still keep calling it The Great?
When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool.
A schoolboy gets into a fairy tale with the help of a librarian and DIY book. But life in the magical land is not as easy as it seems.
Several scary black-and-white animated segments in different styles appeal to our fear(s) of the dark.
A cadaver wakes up to say a last goodbye to his wife but discovers a truth in death that he didn't know in life.
While romping through the forest Bosko falls asleep and dreams of giants and gnomes. (bosko.toonzone.net)
A mannequin in the city dump improvises a piano from the junk to play and sing the title song The various animals and pieces of junk all join in.
Shopkeeper Bosko takes care of business.
Freddy comes to a party and is a hit  he then goes on to be the star quarterback at the football game.
Bosko and Honey go to the zoo. Honey is frightened by the lion but Bosko is the one who ends up in danger.
Bosko and his friends are cutting down trees in a forest. He battles a burly woodsman named Pierre who has gone off and kidnapped his beloved Honey.
Mickey and Pluto go duck hunting stopping to jam to Columbia Gem of the Ocean. The ducks get their own back carrying the hunters through the air and dropping them on a clothesline.
On a tropical island a native boy sings Pagan Moon to his sweetheart. Later he plays music underwater with an octopus-pianist and other jazz-loving sea life.
Bosko is the star player in a wacky game of professional football.
At the theatre a 'Paramouse Noose Reel' and a Bimbo and Koko cartoon are followed by Betty Boop's stage performance  she sings and does imitations of Fanny Brice and Maurice Chevalier.
Two courting hillbilly dogs go to the big barn dance.
Short feature film in Hideaki Anno's Young Animator Training project or Anime Mirai.  After witnessing another kid being bullied a young boy is feeling guilty and helpless.
Mickey's in trouble when Pluto and Fifi eat Minnie's chocolates.
Betty and Bimbo as Queen and King of the May host a giant outdoor party that gets sprayed with rubber. Koko appears briefly.
Betty drudges in the kitchen alone until her friends (including Bimbo and Koko) hold a surprise birthday party for her… which gets rowdy.
Bosko runs a movie theater that shows a wacky newsreel with Jack Dumpsey a slapstick short from Haurel and Lardy and a turn-of-the-century melodrama starring Honey.
While Bimbo and Koko admire Betty their experiment becomes a monster.
Pooch the Pup is putting up billposters in preparation of the appearance of Poodles
Betty Boop hosts a Hallowe'en party with a few uninvited guests.
For customer Betty Boop psychic reader Prof. Bimbo conjures up an adventure on a haunted tropical island in his crystal ball.
A singing and dancing revue of babies (representing a variety of stereotypes and celebrity look-alikes) who are being prepared for delivery by stork.
An old-fashioned 'Burlesk' variety show mostly animated with a live-action performance of I'm Playing With Fire by the Watson Sisters.
Flip The Frog goes head-to-head with a swami-type magician both trying to top each other (with some funny results). This all happens after the latter pulls a disappearing act with Flip's girlfriend.
Betty takes a secretarial job where the boss sexually harasses her… but not without some encouragement from Betty.
Warner Bros. animated short featuring the song 'Let's Put Out the Lights (and Go to Sleep)'
A man whos physique forces him to look down tries to find love.
The Joker is back with a vengeance and Gotham's newest Dark Knight needs answers as he stands alone to face Gotham's most infamous Clown Prince of Crime.
America's coolest heroes the Teen Titans go to Tokyo to track down the mysterious Japanese criminal Brushogun.
A budding romance between two toy dancers is put into dangers when the boy is conscripted into the toy army.
Like most Fleischer cartoons from the early '30s there are lots of stream-of-conscious gags here. They are related by Bimbo's adventures as a mailman.
Piggy picks up his girlfriend and takes her to a theater where a hot jazz orchestra is playing.
Bosko is a doughboy in the Great War.
Bosko and Honey go on a picnic that ends badly.
Bosko fishes and sings and dances with frogs. But two ladybugs use a wasp as an airplane and a beehive and tree branch as a machine gun to drive him away.
Bosko and Honey yodel happily in the Alps until a series of disasters end with Honey rushing downriver on an ice floe.
Chilly Willy is freezing in his igloo home (he lives in Coldernell Alaska) and burning everything he owns in the fireplace to keep warm
Oswald the Rabbit and a horse race.
Bosko joins a wacky fox hunt. But if the hunt worries anyone it isn't the fox.
Bosko is shipwrecked on an island where he is chased by a lion and pursued by simian cannibals.
Cop Foxy is trying to enforce the law in town but dangerous drivers and gangsters who also kidnap his sweetheart are making this difficult.
Bosko is a soda jerk who gives poor service to a mouse and to his former schoolteacher. Later he must contend with Honey's bratty kitten pupil.
During the Great War Bosko and a fearsome beast are in a dogfight. Bosko loses but that's only the first battle.
In this first Merrie Melodie short things are hopping at a certain Mexican café. And then Foxy walks in and the customers go really wild.
Bosko the woodsman spurns cutting down trees and plays music instead. The trees and animals dance and make their own music.
Bosko runs a hot dog stand at an amusement park  but he sneaks away to the racetrack to ride his mechanical horse.
Masked bandit Bimbo holds up a train carrying someone tougher… Betty Boop (with dog's ears) played by a different deeper-voiced actress.
Mother Earth and Father Time converse about the choices humans make.
A gorilla has escaped  Mickey panicked calls Minnie but she plays a song to show she is not afraid. That is until the gorilla comes up behind her and grabs her. Mickey rushes right over to save her.
Another barn dance. Minnie plays piano  Mickey plays fiddle then percussion then harmonica. Mickey dances with the huge Patricia Pig.
Mild-mannered Chester Gaylord trudges through life with a painful sexual handicap. He goes for a magical colonoscopy where he meets a woman with a microscope who changes his life.
Mickey and Minnie are on a wagon train  they camp for the night unaware that Indians have spotted them and are doing a war dance. The attack comes and Minnie is captured.
The old fishing boat captain tells the story of Chilly Willy a singing polar bear and a bulldog who quickly falls asleep when he hears a lullaby.
An unknowing man rescues a rather aggressive and demanding harpy.
A young boy is shanghaied by American mass media into becoming a James Bond-esque character in a 30000-strong film series with a cornucopia of product tie-ins.
A squirrel in a downtown park lugs a giant coconut back home but nothing he does can seem to crack it open.
In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers.
Movie about the legend of the foundation of the Spanish city of Castellón.
Inspired by dreams of glory and fame two young boys set out on the treasure hunt of their lives.
A mariner survives an attack from the dreaded pirates of the Black Freighter but his struggle to return home to warn it has a horrific cost.
A short film by Stan Brakhage.
A little cat must take his sick father's place as night watchman but is bullied by a tough mouse and his gang leaving the rest of the mice free to eat all the food and stage a musical floor show.
Four children all but one of whom go unnamed build a snowman which comes to life and threatens their town.
Four carolling children meet Jesus and Santa Claus and learn the true meaning of Christmas.
Morning and Figaro the kitten wants to play. Pluto on the other hand has been out all night and wants to sleep. Finally the sandman who has been putting Pluto to sleep calls in Figaro's sandman.
Pluto is infatuated by a pretty lady dog but she sighs for Prince a circus wonder dog she sees on a poster.
Pluto wants to sing along with the birds bee and cricket but he is tone deaf.
A coyote and his rather dim son stalk the sheep that Pluto is guarding.
Pluto's primitive wolf nature emerges and berates him for going soft. But their little hunting trip goes bad when Pluto encounters a rabbit and bear that give him some trouble.
Pluto falls for Dinah the dachshund  so does Butch. She strings both along until Pluto very sweetly gives her a bone. But Butch won't let her go and keeps horning in much to her annoyance.
Doug and his pal Skeeter set's out to find the monster of Lucky Duck Lake. Though things get really out of hand when some one blurts out that the monster is real.
Created in 1983 the animated movie uses the plot of Ovanes Tumanyan's tale Talking fish.
Cubby the Bear sneaks into the Roxy Opera House on it's opening night and ends up condicting an epic animal-enacted version of Faust.
An evil spider kidnaps a housefly from a cabaret and takes her to his secret lab.
A love story between two people that each have a secret to hide. One a pro-wrestler the other a Nun. Losing never felt so good.
The demons of hell play music for Satan whose delight turns to wrath when an insubordinate refuses to become food for Cerberus.
A Japanese equivalent of a Hollywood Screen Song.
A drunk mouse dances out of a newspaper office and posts leaflets advertising a Hot Time.
In this sing-along trailer Mickey sings Minnie's Yoo Hoo while the audiences sing along to the words on the screen.
Bosko and his porcine friend are hobos in a runaway boxcar.
Mickey comes onstage to the applause of an unseen audience and plays various classical tunes on the violin after some minor mishaps. During a sad song he is overcome with emotion and has to stop.
Fairy tales collide when Mambo and Munk tip the scales of good and evil once again.
Bosko has a grand time on the farm dancing with a cow playing a horse's tail like a violin and getting drunk with three pigs.
The Fleischer's Talkartoon short that debuted the now infamous Betty Boop.
A wartime cartoon that satirizes the Axis leaders of World War II.
Bugs disguises himself as Hitler Stalin and Brunhilde when he confronts Nazi Hermann Goering in the Black Forest.
Sailor Bimbo (as Barnacle Bill) jumps ship with his little black book and visits his lady friend Betty Boop (with dog's ears).
Bosko hunts in the jungle but ends up playing music with the animals.
Love Live Hina is a live concert featuring all of the main cast members of the Love Hina series.
Victor and his beloved dog Sparky watch one of their favorite home movies.
Hikaru Shihoudo is Hikaruon a metal super hero fighting the forces of the evil organization known as Urael. Disguised as a transfer student he must investigate a series of strange suicides in town.
The Marvel Super-Heroes (Spider-Man Captain America Iron Man Hulk) arrive for a party at a deserted Buckingham Palace in London and are attacked by a giant robot.
The classic tale of 'Peter Pan' continues in Disney's sequel 'Return to Never Land'. In 1940 on a world besieged by World War II Wendy now grown up has two children one of them is her daughter Jane.
A series of interviews featuring linguist philosopher and activist Noam Chomsky done in hand-drawn animation.
The makers of the LEGO Movie Helden von Bern did a new LEGO soccer match movie. This time they do a fantasy final game of the World Cup 2006.
An elite superhuman agent must stop a foreign military unit from seizing control of an ancient artifact that holds the key to ultimate power.
After being disbanded by the new Secretary General Action Man and his team try to clear Norris from being branded a traitor when he is arrested for treason. Includes 'Skynap' and 'Crack Of Doom'.
Tweety Bird goes to the beach with Granny and Sylvester tries once again to catch him.
Bugs Bunny is hunted by Hiawatha a stereotyped Native American who fills roughly the same role as Elmer Fudd in other Bugs Bunny cartoons of this era.
An elderly monk while training the young novice who will succeed him recalls the mysterious lost love of his past - just as his young successor appears to be encountering her himself.
A young witch on her mandatory year of independent life finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service.
A peaceful alien planet faces annihilation as the homeless remainder of the human race sets its eyes on Terra. Mala a rebellious Terrian teenager will do everything she can to stop it.
George Jetson is forced to uproot his family when Mr. Spacely promotes him to take charge of a new factory on a distant planet.
In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony.
An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator Archibald Snatcher.
Joker goes to Metropolis with an offer and plan to kill Superman for Lex Luthor while Batman pursues the clown to Superman's turf
Japanese independently-animated short.
Meadows the butler quits after being tormented by the spoiled family cat who finds he is unable to survive on his own especially after meeting the mice Hubie and Bertie.
In an allegory for World War II one mouse's attempt to appease the cat of the house in exchange for a regular supply of cheese puts all the mice in danger.
Beaky Buzzard the shyest dopiest young buzzard in his family is sent out to catch something to eat.
After being separated from his friend Sophie Felix embarks on a journey filled with mystical creatures in this high quality animated feature for your kids and family.
No English Overview
Red Hot Ryder is sent to catch the Masked Marauder (Bugs Bunny) who is terrorizing a small Western town.
G.I. Joe faces a new enemy as an ancient society of snake people known as Cobra-La try to forcefully take back the earth from those who drove them underground eons ago.
Popeye walks around while singing his theme song and punches various things followed by a sing-along.
Bluto is accusing Popeye in judge Wimpy's courtroom. Bluto tells a sad tale of how Popeye attacked him without provocation but Popeye tells his side in detail
Donald and Mickey put on a charity show for some orphans.
Yogi and the gang mistakenly board the famous Howard Hughes' plane The Spruce Goose. They accidentally start the plane so they decide to take it for a spin helping animals and people along the way.
Bosko keeps Wilbur occupied with tales of his past exploits while Honey steps out on an errand.
A tailor aides his king who is threatened by a giant and a swarm of bees.
Test pilot Hal Jordan finds himself recruited as the newest member of the intergalactic police force The Green Lantern Corps.
This is a minor variation on the story of the Boy Who Cried Wolf where Oswald the Lucky Rabbit tends a couple of lambs who tease him by crying 'Wolf! Wolf!' until the real article shows up.
Mickey and Pluto are reading scary stories  they go to investigate a noise and find a foundling mouse that's been left on the porch.
A reporter interviews Max Fleischer about his creation and Betty illustrates with excerpts from three prior cartoons.
Betty Boop appears on stage with Freddie in an old-fashioned mortgage melodrama.
Speedy Gonzales helps provide cheese for the mayor's reelection campaign (and two hungry friends) by swiping it from the store guarded by Sylvester.
Pa Possum dresses up like a dog to try to get Junior Possum to stop sleeping all the time and do his chores.
An animated commercial for tire company Excelsior Reifen.
An abstract animation from Walter Ruttmann.
Lotte Reiniger's earliest preserved fairytale film based on a fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen.
Seemingly nothing happens in the film. The viewer watches a train journey. A rhythm of the film is determined by monotonous sounds pylons or landscapes that the train is passing.
Figaro is hungry for a small yellow canary named Frankie but must pass a barrier  Minnie Mouse.
Pluto tries to rid Minnie's garden of a pesky gopher and pretty much destroys the garden in the process.
Popeye and Bluto stop by to see Olive and fix her leaky faucet. Popeye does it better and Bluto gets jealous so he starts rerouting Olive's plumbing and causing all sorts of leaks.
A famous horror writer Ben Ravencroft invites the Scooby gang to his home town of Oakhaven where they find the ghost of witch Sarah Ravencroft a relative of Ben's is haunting the town.
Joker teams up with Lex Luthor to destroy the world one brick at a time. It's up to Batman Superman and the rest of the Justice League to stop them.
Henery Hawk hides in an egg to catch his first chicken while Foghorn Leghorn tells him that Sylvester is the real chicken and the farm dog joins in the fun.
After his parents are murdered and his legs crippled Tony Valdez uses their technology and becomes a skateboarding superhero.
The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax and prodigy Hiro Hamada who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes.
A Hutch movie.
After being thrown out as Doctor Quack's assistant Daffy Duck makes Porky Pig his own -- unwilling -- patient.
A huge pig lies by a house. The family of the house go about their everyday life pretending to ignore the pig’s existence.
A quiet and disquieting story about a boy who reaches puberty and his family.
An very very old man lives with his very old cat his old old goldfish and his old dog on a houseboat until one day the wolf Cuthbert Q Divine knocks on the door...
Pocoyo the curious toddler dressed all in blue joins Pato the yellow duck Elly the pink elephant Loula the dog Sleepy Bird and many others in learning new things and having fun.
The Nativity is seen through the eyes of three young visitors from the 20th century who are transported back through time to the Holy City
Scrat tries to finish his rather large collection of acorns when things start going nutty.
The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book where they are guided by Niko a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
As Adolf Hitler personally flies a bomber on a mission to the Soviet Union the gremlins from the Kremlin set about to stop him.
Mickey Goofy &amp  Donald have 10 minutes to fix Pete's car. Or else!
An experimental serum called Extremis gets stolen and Iron Man rockets into action. The ensuing battles test Stark's spirit and Iron Man's power. Based on the graphic novel of the same name.
Forced to return to his naturist roots Willy bungles his way into noble savagery.
In Sid's very first film debut Sid and his classmate Gabriela enter a contest and win the exclusive opportunity to visit a new modern science museum before it opens to the public.
Featuring 4 new to DVD episodes the Wonder Pets save a baby dinosaur a dragon a dolphin and much more!
A cat reminisces about his life with and feelings for his owner a single woman.
Abandoned in the barren wasteland of Kyoto a savage enraged orphan does whatever it takes to survive in the wild. When he crosses paths with civilization he must learn to tame the beast within.
Black and white drawings blended with photographic images depict an old man with various tiny gadgets trying to find the anatomy of the wings of an angel.
Inspired by a magician named Shiny Chariot the lively Akko Kagari enters the Little Witch Academy with the dream of one day becoming as cool as her idol.
A boy born the size of a small doll is kidnapped by a genetic lab and must find a way back to his father in this inventive adventure filmed using stop motion animation techniques.
Happy Cricket and his cute adorable friends will have to defeat the evil Wartlord and rescue Linda the Night Star. This film celebrates the values of friendship freedom and the defense of nature.
A transoceanic conversation between two characters via objects in a bottle.
An animated account of an organism adapting to its environment.
A feature length animation of the beloved Monkey King saga.
Being the new girl is totally terrifying. See what really happened during Frankie Stein's first week at Monster High!
Tweety Bird and Granny are at the controls of a tugboat that Sylvester tries unsuccessfully to board.
An abstract animation by Walter Ruttmann.
Billboards come to life. Eddie Camphor and his wioleen player Rub-Him-Off do a song and dance to Merrily We Roll Along with new lyrics...
A child rabbit is sent to school by his mother. On the way he passes a carrot patch which is actually a trap set by a hungry wolf...
The Devil comes out of Dante's Inferno hoping to get the See No Evil Speak No Evil and Hear No Evil monkeys to his side but a bunch of literary characters come to the rescue of the monkeys.
Three little mice don't want to work so they go to the mouse king and pretend that they're three blind mice.
Happy sunshine-bottling gnomes battle gloomy swamp-dwellers.
Porky and Beans are prospectors during the Gold Rush but when a villain steals Porky's bag of loot Beans races to get it back so he can marry Porky's daughter Little Kitty.
Fascist Jackboots Shall Not Trample Our Motherland a short animated film featuring Nazi Swine himself -- a cartoon character representing Nazi Germany by Soyuzmultfilm 1941.
A live action piano player tells the story of a clothes-devouring moth who is on his way to marry a honey bee but gets caught by a black widow spider looking for a man of her own.
the final days in the life of a suicidal pyromanic bear…
The Autobots must stop a colossal planet-consuming robot who goes after the Autobot Matrix of Leadership. At the same time they must defend themselves against an all-out attack from the Decepticons.
A short avant-garde film from Finnish director Eino Ruutsalo.
A modern family sit down for pancakes.
A little bird leaves its nest in pursuit of a leaf — but when a famished fox follows the bird learns that sometimes you need to think on the fly!
Colorful lights construct a maze.
The legend of Guinevere and Lancelot retold as a loopy animated musical.
Flip the Frog is working as a hot dog vendor at a circus. A thief steals a woman's purse and it's up to Flip to stop him.
A series of wacky vignettes involving farm animals.
A cat steals the headpiece of a dog to deceive the bulldog Spike and get a chance to eat the canary Spike is guarding.
An anime film for the second Cyborg 009 anime TV series.
Toby the Pup organises a Halloween celebration. Some witches and elves join the party.
This short film is the only surviving example of Leon Schlesinger's Spooney Melodies series the precursor to the animated Merrie Melodies
Spunky is kidnapped and sold at an auction to a cruel Italian peddler. It's up to Hunky to save him.
With Doraemon's Storybook Shoes gadget he and Nobita go to different stories to watch them. Nobita asks Doraemon to allow him to share this gadget with Shizuka and Doraemon agrees.
Two-dimensional clay animations melding and merging the work of 35 famous artists.
Tweety is set upon by a fat jowly cat who winds up with among other things a dozen eggs and a gallon of gasoline in his mouth instead of the little bird.
It's duck season so Daffy plays hunter Elmer and a hungry fox off against each other.
An elderly mouse tells the bedtime story of Little Red Riding Hood to her grandson who visualizes the tale in cat-and-mouse terms with himself as Red and Sylvester as the Big Bad Wolf.
Salesman Daffy Duck comes upon a farm the site of Foghorn Leghorn's ongoing feud with the barnyard dog and proceeds to sell Foghorn and the dog contraptions to continue their violent mutual heckling.
Speedy Gonzales the fastest mouse in all Mexico runs to the rescue of his two drunken rodent friends Pablo and Fernando who keep wandering into the hungry clutches of an alley cat.
Porky goes after a rogue rabbit who manages to frustrate him at each turn. He is unsuccessful and the rabbit comes to visit him just to make recovery tougher for him.
On a dark and stormy night the Two Curious Puppies wander into an old dark house and fall victim to the tricks of a mischievous magician's rabbit.
Two magicians Mr.Schwarzwald and Mr.Edgar try to outdo each other in performing elaborate magic tricks leading to a violent ending.
In this early stop-motion film by Czech surrealist Jan Svankmajer a device consisting of a clock a pendulum a faucet and a bucket enacts a series of events whenever the clock chimes.
A man plays the Bach piece of the title on the organ accompanied by images of stone walls with cracks and holes that grow and shrink intercut with images of doors and wire-meshed windows.
A small animated figure learns how to use a whip a pair of wings and a house.
Two puppets Punch and Judy do battle to the death over the custody of a live guinea pig.
After an organ grinder's monkey grabs a little girl's lollipop with his tail the musician explains why monkeys are so clever with their tails.
Mickey Mouse enlists with the army and ships off to Vietnam.
Oswald takes a job as a lifeguard to keep an eye on Miss Rabbit who in turn stages a boating accident hoping Oswald will come to save her.
Whimsical and yet somewhat deranged silhouettes of anamorphic men twist and transform themselves in a world where nothing moves or acts as one should would or could expect.
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit a member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police goes in pursuit of Peg-Leg Pete.
An Oswald the Lucky Rabbit short Walt Disney's earlier character before going on to create Mickey Mouse. Here he is canoeing in the wilderness.
A nondescript man is trapped in a sinister flat where nothing seems to obey the laws of nature.
Porky invests his savings. Mayhem ensues.
In one of Jan Svankmajer's many mind-blowing deliberately weird short films a picnic consists of a suit sunbathing a phonograph playing records a shovel digging holes and a camera taking pictures.
Battalions of red and black ants go to war over an unattended picnic blanket full of food.
A man apparently on the run takes shelter in a dilapidated house. Every day he drills a hole through a wall and looks into one of the rooms each time seeing a different surreal vision...
The story of a cat raised by an eagle who learns to fly and uses his ability to save his future girlfriend from a vicious bulldog.
Shep the dog is seen by his master as loyal and loving but the cat knows he is really a self-centered conniving weasel who lets burglars in the house and takes credit for the good deeds of others.
The age-old story of Don Juan played by giant puppets.
A non-narrative voyage round Sedlec Ossuary which has been constructed from over 50000 human skeletons (victims of the Black Death).
A train conductor goes about his duty. All the characters are animals in human form. Hippo ladies in dresses try to jam into cars and other passengers pull jokes and cause havoc.
Animated drawings inspired by Leonardo da Vinci are intercut with seemingly unrelated (but in fact strangely similar) live-action scenes.
A three-part depiction of various forms of communication.
Charlie and Itchy return to Earth to find Gabriel's Horn but along the way meet up with a young boy named David who ran away from home.
A series of gags based on Mother Goose stories.
A project based on a spoken word poem written by Shane Koyczan to further explore the profound and lasting impact that bullying can have on an individual.
Princess Minerva enters a tournament that offers the winner a fortune. But when her bodyguard gets kidnapped by an evil sorceress things really start to heat up.
Julius the Cat tries to woo Alice but fails so he gets the help of Alice in this long standing series of Alice movies.
Andy Panda a pipe smoking turtle and a friendly electric eel are spending a fun afternoon together fishing. Their fun time is soon spoiled however by the intrusion of a tribe of panda hunters.
Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless crew face off against the space invaders who seek to conquer the planet Earth.
A tiny robot is given the gift of life with only one limitation the length of his power cable.
Lone Little Hippo in search of a friend meets ants bees rabbits chickens until it finds another Hippo.
A 1983 short film directed by Eduard Nazarov about an ant who gets blown away with the wind from its home and the adventures it goes through in desperately trying to find its way back.
The spirit that protects the islands of Mata Nui is put into a deep sleep causing the islands to crumble into the ocean and three islanders must use the Mask of Light to save it.
Xombie is an animated series that merges horror and science fiction in a quest for the meaning of unlife.
One rainy day Heathcliff babysits and recounts old stories while his nephews are relucatantly forced to listen.
A dance of shapes.
A tenor in suit and tie with a receding hairline sings a ballad to his love “Your Face Is Like a Song” to simple piano accompaniment.
Forest animals attempt to show up squirrel Ginger Nutt's claims of bravery by creating an imaginary dragon.
Papa Bear attempts to fix a leaky roof. An MGM cartoon featuring the Bear Family.
What is the true call of the wild? Here we travel down a very special river and are introduced to a wide variety of the animal kingdom who all contribute their name for the sake of music
Simon knows ducks quite well. They make noise fly swim some even roll. Sometimes it's a bit confusing and Simon gets lost.
5th Cartoon in the Van Beuren Rainbow Parade Series. Original Color version is thought to be Lost. Only B/W exist. Retitled Chinese Lanterns during World War II.
A girl finds herself kidnapped by foxes. Animated.
Animated story about the adventures of boatswain and his parrot.
Musical fantasy based on Armenian fairy tales.
A school student finds a magical store where he can buy things which help to get straight A's with no working at all.
Adventure of Mr. Promise - the one who promises and never does...
New Glass no Kamen movie.
Finnish animations experimental films and fiction ranging from 2007 to 2009.
About a boy who finds a way to enter into a magical fantastic world by sneezing with his eyes open. He must then enlist the aid of a strange ally in order to get home again.
Soviet propaganda cartoon from WW2. Hitler introduced by Charlie Chaplin is ridiculed in three short skits.
Disney's retelling of the legend of John Henry the steel-driving man.
Soviet animation from Vladimir Tarasov.
The titular duo tasked with intercepting a monstrous robot set to destroy their town quarrel until they lose their vehicle's fuel: a live hamster.
A Russian fairy tale
A somewhat self-aware zombie takes it upon himself to keep the rest of the walking dead at bay.
Second film. Adventures of little monkeys secretly from their mother escaped from a zoo to the city.
Story of a firefly
A funny comedy about doctor Aybolit and his assistants and patients - all animals.
A pilot struggles to retain his humanity when he is shanghaied into a mercenary jet fighter force.
Bugs is chased into a lake by a French Poodle who speaks with a thick French accent  the rest of the story unfolds under water.
On the motives of Saltikov-Shedrin’s fairy tale the film derides aimless and senseless being.
Two short stories about space
The film-parable about how hurting our neighbors we often don’t think  about that pain which we made them
A nightmare of a woman depressed by the concrete world she lives in.
Milquetoast Henry Limpet experiences his fondest wish and is transformed into a fish. As a talking fish he assists the US Navy in hunting German submarines during World War II.
The film is about terrible life of a common man
A touching relationship
An Emmy award-winning six-part BBC documentary miniseries that recreates life from the Mesozoic era using incredible animatronics and computer-generated imagery.
A BBC documentary trilogy about wildlife presenter Nigel Marven's travels to seas of the past. Computer-generated imagery is used to create the spectacular creatures he encounters.
A BBC documentary miniseries  in the Walking with... franchise Chased by Dinosaurs features Nigel Marven as a time-traveller who encounters dinosaurs in the wild.
Daffy Duck does Superman as Stupor Duck (aka mild-mannered reporter Cluck Trent) takes on the villainous yet nonexistent Aardvark Ratnik.
Marcelle Toing owner of the best restaurant in Rio de Janeiro must go on missions to steal ingredients from human restaurants to keep his meals the best.
Scheming mice Hubie and Bertie convince a cat that he is in fact a lion.
Tom And Jerry are among the last animals living in Storybook Town a fairy tale-inspired theme park where dreams come true if you believe.
A free flow from photography to geometric abstraction hand-painted by Breer. - Harvard Film Archive
A six-part BBC documentary miniseries that portrays prehistoric life in the Cenozoic using a combination of advanced computer-generated imagery and incredible life-like animatronics.
The film is based on an ancient Chinese fairy tale about the simple people of China who despite of heavy work and oppression did not lose belief in life and love to freedom
A wonderfully touching tale about love
A Japanese fox spirit being stopped by another spirit when she moves into a Japanese town for an autumn night full of mischievement
It is just another evening commute until the rain starts to fall and the city comes alive to the sound of dripping rain pipes whistling awnings and gurgling gutters.
A frog is driving his alligator-shaped car when he is stopped by a shapely she-frog who steps into the road. She tells him that her house is haunted so he goes along to assist.
Kemi lives and works in the murky slipstream of a North London pub. As the booze flows the line between who belongs behind and in front of the bar becomes increasingly blurred.
Morten the hedgehog suddenly acquires a baby brother and getting mummy and daddy's attention becomes very difficult. Morten decides to get rid of his baby brother and put back the clock.
Male Mexican mice are jealous of Speedy Gonzales for taking their girlfriends. So they set Sylvester Cat after Speedy by issuing a challenge to Sylvester in Speedy's name.
Daffy Duck is a message courier bird delivering a military secret that a femme fatale Nazi spy is determined to get.
In this animated children's film Mother Goose and her fairytale friends must stop a group of sneaky spies
A utility pole falls in love with an electrician.
Animated Christmas special about a tree selected to be a Christmas Tree.
A crazed bomber is terrorizing the city. Meanwhile a young Porky is a few cents shy of buying an ice cream soda  he starts earning it by picking up items people drop and handing them to him...
A dark and stormy night in a drugstore. The druggist mixes a potion and falls asleep. The skull-and-crossbones on the bottle comes to life and drips the potion on the druggist…
Momma cat is teaching her kittens to catch mice. Meanwhile across the basement Momma mouse is teaching her little ones how to avoid cats..
In a return to the Out of the Inkwell format Betty Boop invents a pep formula to speed up lazy Pudgy but it escapes into the real world with rapid results.
2 puppets are left to their uncle's attention who works at the Fire house.
A hen tries to get something to eat from a garden but is chased around the yard by the titular pups.
A young worm is chased by the Early Bird but then two crows and a snake join the chase.
Mrs. Hamhock finds herself the object of unwanted attention following an article in the paper about...
The last Chilly Willy release has him and the polar bear in an environmentalist fight between a man on an icebreaker who wants to drill an oil well in the arctic.
Woody Woodpecker in the ol' prospecting days.
Buzz Buzzard attempts to con Woody once more using a fake magic lamp and a mouse as the genie.
A dune buggy-riding Woody tangles with Miss Meany and her extremely hot chili and beans.
A young Indian sent on a quest by his chief to capture a woodpecker sees Woody riding through the desert on a motor scooter shooting cans off ...
A woodpeckers take on the Red Riding Hood tale.
Buzz Buzzard scams Woody into buying a talking dog when actually it's a mouse under the dog's hat who does the talking.
Charlie agrees to babysit his boss's dog while he's out of town.
In medieval times Woody goes on a quest to transform a dragon back into the king's son with the aid of a witch's magic wand.
While Charlie was watering his lawn Bessie tells him she ordered a sprinkler. Not wanting to spend money on installing Charlie decides to install it himself....
Woody too tired to continue flying south tries to get a night's rest in a bell tower.
Chilly Maxie and Gooney go to the store owned by Smedley
Bessie wants to hire a builder to make a sewing room but Charlie and Junior decide to build it themselves.
Woody has a hibernating bear in his tree one that won't stop snoring.
A Captain and his first mate shanghai Woody and with plans of having him swab the deck aboard their ship.
The colonel takes a trip to the mountains to the same habitat as Chilly Willy.
Woody accidently signs up for the Foreign Legion.
Chilly Willy is cold and hungry until he finds the home of Colonel Pot Shot where Smedley is the caretaker.
An Indian tries to scalp Woody in order to use his feathers to make a headdress and win the hand of the Indian Chief's daughter.
Wild Bill Hiccup chases Woody around a haunted house.
A timely storyline has planes menaced by flocks of Gooney birds! When a crazed hunter is hired to get rid of the birds Chilly adopts one of the eggs left behind...
Woody Woodpecker ends up on an island inhabited by Robinson Crusoe who has somehow managed to survive for years eating nothing but coconuts.
The Gooney Bird does not know how to land without crashing. Chilly Willy and Smedley try to teach him how to land with more dignity.
Chilly's friend the Gooney bird is pursued by the hunter Colonel Pot Shot.
Woody wins a cash prize and goes on a vacation with it. Buzz Buzzard stops at nothing to get the cash away from Woody. The story plays out like a Road Runner cartoon.
Chilly Willy's quiet life is thrown into chaos when a military installation appears next to his home.
When Maxie starts hibernating a hunter tries to capure him for a zoo. It's up to Chilly to save his pal from the hunter.
Woody Woodpecker is pestered by a mosquito and the idiotic exterminator he hires does not improve things.
Woody a swabby on a pirate ship must protect the ship's massive supply of doubloons from bartender-cum-crook Buzz Buzzard.
Knick-knack salesman Woody Woodpecker is sent back in time to the Stone Age by a mad scientist and his time tunnel.
Bunny and Claude are still at their carrot caper. This time they rob a train as the Sheriff is once again called out to stop them..
Outlaws Bunny and Claude are chased by the Sheriff. The Sheriff even attempts to disquise himself as a giant carrot to catch the duo.
Charlie all set for a day's golf game is horrified to discover it is pouring rain outside. Bessie suggests that since he can't play golf...
Woody takes a job as a Pony Express rider. It seems that no one can get the mail to go through.
Chilly and Maxie are sleeping in their igloo. A man in a submarine raises the periscope and puts Chilly's blanket on top of the igloo. Later Chilly and Maxie capture the sub and smoke out the man.
Woody Woodpecker tangles with a hillbilly couple who are trying to catch him for dinner..
Woody drives the two park rangers of Gallstone National forest insane by pecking holes in all the trees.
Chilly and Maxie escape from the zoo and are hitchhiking on the highway.
Woody Woodpecker and his friend Sugarfoot the horse are having all kinks of bad luck until Woody finds a four leaf clover...
Woody Woodpecker annoys a fisherman in this short.
Woody fakes an illness to get all the comforts of home from a little old lady but her dog knows better..
Animated short by Jan Thüring.
A drunken stork delivers the baby of a giant to a normal-sized couple instead and they try to raise him as well as they can.
Animated film students vetes a 2004 which is supported by their professor Zeljko Savic
A spin-off of the movie version of the same name the show follows the lives of the animals on a farm.
Love stories in Yopougon a neighborhood of the Ivory Coast capital
The adventures of a little ship who has a lot of friends.
This is the story of a good girl with a bad heart and the boy whose death will save her life.
The life of the legendary Texas cowboy with his horse Widowmaker and how his romance with Slue Foot Sue disrupted it.
A tiny elephant emerges from a banana boat and wanders about town causing an uproar among the populace. Sightings are attributed variously to mass hysteria insanity and dipsomania.
Daffy Duck is a salesman for a futuristic appliance company who against Elmer Fudd's will modernizes Fudd's house with many screwball gadgets none of which work in Fudd's favor.
An elderly suicidal Woody Woodpecker reminisces about his life as a woodpecker as his ability to peck wood has vanished leaving his life seemingly without energy.
Scooby and the gang investigate aliens sightings in small desert town.
Hans der Beer's beloved polar bear Lars returns for more adventures with a new feline friend.
David O'Reilly's first short film.
Farmer Elmer Fudd decides to rid himself of pesty Bugs Bunny using the ACME company's ewectwonic pest contwoller with a wobot bwain. The robot ends up as scrap at Elmer's feet courtesy of Bugs.
Chilly Willy the Penguin steals fish from a fish market.
Porky tries to relax on a hunting and fishing trip but Daffy smugly pointing out the No Duck Hunting signs subjects him to constant irritation. Then the Duck Hunting Season Open signs start going up.
An animated documentary short made by people with autism.
In a divided land it takes a rebellious boy and his clandestine love for a Princess of an opposing race to stop a war orchestrated by a power hungry villain.
Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang become involved in a supernatural mystery in Egypt.
Contains footage of the Precure All Stars DX 3D Theater (プリキュアオールスターズDX 3Dシアター) events that were held throughout Japan. Released on DVD/BD on 25.11.2011.
Popeye has a new car  Olive wants a driving lesson. Things don't go well.
An old bearded man wearing a raincoat walks into a bar and sits down placing a mysterious box next to him. The other patrons try with varying success to find out what's inside.
The gregarious Flebus whom everyone likes grows desperate when he meets the one person who can't stand him.
Woody invites Winnie Woodpecker to a sock hop but some other bird wants to be with her too and they fight over her.
Bugs heckles a black hunter and escapes from a bear.
The stories of Goldilocks and Little Red Riding Hood collide with the world of jazz resulting in three jiving bears and a jitterbugging Big Bad Wolf.
A jazz cartoon involving a Fats Waller-like cat who leaves the Uncle Tomcat Mission for the local jazz club.
The animation from which David O'Reilly's logo originates.
Two teddy-bears go hunting unicorns their favorite prey.
3D animated short of computer made visuals.
The continuation of adventures of Maria and Mirabella in which the two girls get lost in a fabulous world inside a television set.
The Patterson family learns the true meaning of Christmas when Lizzie loses her stuffed bunny.
As his town is flooded by water an old man builds his home higher and higher to stay dry. When his pipe falls through the water he has to revisit each layer of memories to retrieve it.
An exotic dancer recalls an incident from her childhood where she was physically abused by a male visitor.
Two men each holding one end of a rope perform an intricate dance on in and through a square figure.
New animation featuring the Olsen Gang the legendary trio of small-time crooks with big money dreams.
A tour of the zoo in typical Tex Avery style: a series of one-liners and sight gags punctuated by Egghead teasing a lion at intervals despite the admonishments of the narrator.
The animated history of leisure: that concept most commonly known as free time.
Timmy meets a girl mouse and they set off to find the Great Owl.
The morning shift at a big-city radio station.
Educational film about solar energy told with striking imagery and animation.
A child who is afraid of the dark forms a unique relationship with the objects that once frightened him.
John Lasseter’s 1979 student film.
Young Pim and the villain Avelino race against each other. In order to win the race and the prize Avelino cheats as much as he can.
A prototype of modern music videos this is an animated film set to the music of two popular tunes recorded by Herb Alpert and his Latin-flavored brass ensemble - Spanish Flea and Tijuana Taxi.
A tadpole is being bullied by other tadpoles because he has legs.
A country couple and their shepherd endure drought flood a monstrous bear hunters and tourists during a somewhat odd few days in their normally quiet life.
The world is divided into factions on opposite sides of issues  each side is of course right. And so the gap between the people grows until someone challenges the absolutist view of what's right.
Cowboys trade lewd stories in the spirit of one-upmanship. Beer guzzling bestiality and hellfire: it must be a Phil Mulloy cartoon.
Cowboys trade lewd stories in the spirit of one-upmanship. Beer guzzling bestiality and hellfire: it must be a Phil Mulloy cartoon.
Cowboys trade lewd stories in the spirit of one-upmanship. Beer guzzling bestiality and hellfire: it must be a Phil Mulloy cartoon.
Cowboys trade lewd stories in the spirit of one-upmanship. Beer guzzling bestiality and hellfire: it must be a Phil Mulloy cartoon.
An Oscar-nominates short from 1985 by Ishu Patel which raises the question - which is preferable a beautiful gilded cage or your freedom?
The short tells the story of a drunkard going through alcohol withdrawal as personified by the Devil. Director Bob Stenhouse takes what could be a dark subject and makes it a funny madcap romp.
When forest-dweller Juma gets stumped while trying to go for a luge ride best friend Ting comes to the rescue. Together they enjoy a roller coaster thrill and win the race.
A Pete Docter Animation about two completely incompatible neighbors. This man is very scheduled. Here he checks his watch before sitting down to watch TV.
This short is about a purple dinosaur named Sigmund who likes to bounce on top of trees.
This delightful story is simply about a boy wanting to go outside and play in the snow. After getting all bundled up by his mother the boy has found that he is unable to move!
A polar bear is hunted by eskimos. But suddenly the hunt gets interrupted.
During a piano lesson a music teacher discovers a harmless spider so she calls in The Exterminator.
This film explores the distant relationship between an elderly amateur musician the woman who lives in the apartment above him and the leaky bathtub that is bothering them both.
A family of rabbits are having a birthday party under a big tree unaware that a mischievous wolf is approaching.
Made with spray paint and hand-cut stencils this film was an attempt at maximum plastic intensity… Places Breer for the first time among the major colorists of the avant-garde. – P. Adams Sitney
Christmas eve and Sniffles is determined to stay awake to see Santa. Not an easy task.
Aardman's claymation to the song Barefootin'.
A man without arms wants an apple up in a tree. A man without legs wants to ride a bike. Can they help each other?
Simon and Kamina live in an underground city monitored by the village chief. When Simon stumbles upon an artifact and beastmen invade from the surface Simon and Kamina rebel against them.
Ormie is a Pig in every sense of the word. Pig see cookie. Pig want cookie. But they are out of reach... or are they? See Ormie's attempts to gain the warm sweet taste that is his obsession.
While his wife is undergoing slimming treatment Andre goes on a discovery tour of this very unusual center.
In a world made entirely out of paper the wistful drawings in a mans sketchbook are brought to life by the rhythm of a train journey.
A girl follows a rabbit into a magical world.
12 little Christmas tales from Bill Plympton.
A hobo Santa shows up on a conservative fathers doorstep one Christmas Eve and sings his way into their hearts and home.
A group of cossacks travels around Europe playing football against the teams of different countries each of which has their very unique playing style.
Shishio's plan is enacted while Kenshin and Misao help defend the city.
Onboard a gigantic steam machine a pilot tries to flee the monstrous storm he created.
Short film shown in Cannes.
An outcast half-wolf risks his life to prevent a deadly epidemic from ravaging Nome Alaska.
Thrust into single life again Sarah Sloane returns to the dating scene an entirely different place and much darker than she had experienced many years ago.
Based on the Toccata of Johann Sebastian Bach.
Pixilation of the portuguese fado O Médico e a Duquesa.
XXX chair-on-chair action.
Familiar objects are transformed into a candy-coated vision of war in this seminal stop-motion short by PES.
Metal objects of the past come to life in the depths of the sea.
Pingu Meets John Carpenter.
Goofy checks in with the Disney Cruise Line to avoid the hassle and stress of other cruises.
An Oscar Nominated short film about a red pair of legs.
Animated short film.
A lonely woman sends off for a special mail-order package.
A short illustrating a traditional Canadian folk song about a woman's admiration for the agility for her boyfriend the log driver.
This story is about a wolf boy who loves Little Red Riding Hood. One day the girl goes on a trip to deliver a pie to her grandma.
Russian animated short film.
The film tells of a music hall impressionist who caricatures personalities from the second world war. Animated by Barry Bruce at Will Vinton Productions.
An office clerk fearing replacement by a robot fights back.
President Jimmy Carter sings Ray Charles' Georgia on my Mind while thinking about his home state.
A man sheltering from a storm is trapped in a house where the objects have developed souls. In order to leave he must first fix the objects.
None supplied
A woman writes a letter that will be read by a man in prison. A letter full of love worry compassion suffering and hope. Freedom for Jafar Panahi and all imprisoned Iranian filmmakers.
Two of Hans Christian Andersen's fairytales in a blend of animation and live-action.
The small girl read a great Christian prayer
Minions Stuart Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill a super-villain who alongside her inventor husband Herb hatches a plot to take over the world.
A film about hygiene procedures and parallel worlds
A story about animal cruelty
Woody dreams of being a concert pianist. Unfortunately he has no fingers. But his dreams are about to get out of hand in this stop motion animation.
Wallace and Gromit try out a number of their latest inventions which rarely work as planned.
The story of child violence and the national violence. And the problem of the old Japanese environmental pollution.
Cédric is a 11 years old boy who stop speaking after his mother's death. His only friend Bruno is a strange boy determined to make him speak again at any cost.
Mirai Fukuin (lit. The Future's Gospel) is a side story of Kara no Kyoukai novel series. It is divided into two parts Möbius ring and Möbius Link.
A little boy is taken by the Sand Man to Santa's workshop only to discover that it has been taken over and industrialized by an evil robot.
Wilbur the pig knows how important friendship is - he learned that from a spider named Charlotte. So when Wilbur meets Cardigan a lonely lamb Wilbur immediately makes him his friend.
It's a puppy and a cat. Could it get any better? Yes. Fishbowl Space.
An elderly paper-crusher branded a fool in Prague secretly stashes condemned books preserving their contents and extrapolating from them eccentric scenarios of wit.
Alexander Dumas' classic swashbuckling novel comes to life in this delightful interpretation told through the art of puppetry.
Pinocchio tries to save the Earth from Astro the Space Whale
Drawn from elements of West African folk tales it depicts how a newborn boy Kirikou saves his village from the evil witch Karaba.
A malevolent rock star kidnaps a female singer to force her to participate in the summoning of a demon and her band must help her stop him.
An experimental animation that recalls a treacherious winter journey across a Montréal landmark.
Bugs goes to the dog track falls in love with the mechanical rabbit there and has to outsmart the dogs to get to her.
A dog decides to quit the slapstick comedy of cartoons and go to his country home to concentrate on Shakespeare but two troublesome yet polite gophers foil his grand plans.
Animated short by Borivoj Dovnikovic-Bordo
A story about the fat king and his people who have plenty of food while the animals are starving after the drought has set in. And about how the animals succeeded in making the fat men share.
A young caterpillar yearns to fly like the butterflies and birds but cannot launch himself high enough to do so ... until a couple start playing badminton nearby.
An animator finds himself trying to explain his (lack of) artistic vision to his creations who just aren't impressed.
An elderly couple's dog must defend them from a malicious space chicken bent on conquest by infecting them with mutagenic eggs. First this quiet farm in the middle of nowhere next the world!
Summary of the first season of the show as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements.
A WWII stop motion short by Hermina Tyrvola.
Scrooge McDuck teaches Huey Dewey and Louie the basics about money &amp  its history economics and investing.
Bugs and Daffy perform and act out their own version of the classic Carnival of the Animals.
Claire Blanchet directs this visually stunning stereoscopic animation adapted from Heather O’Neills eponymous slice of Montreal noir.
A movie about a bee.
Pikachu and co. arrives on the beach. As the others start playing on the beach Pikachu says that they can play anytime on the beach.
A new vigilante Batwoman is wreaking havoc in Gotham City. The dynamic duo must discover her true identity.
Brain Divided is the story of an ordinary guy who meets a not-so-ordinary girl but his brain cells can't agree on how to go about winning her over which leads to conflict and comedy!
5 IVF embryos embark on a journey to find their mother.
The Android Sisters sing about the alarming increase in U.S. defense spending during the cold war and its effect on various aspects of the domestic economy.
Woody Woodpecker buys life insurance with the benifactor being Buzz Buzzard who wants to collect early.
While on an airplane a traveller's spirit plunges into a dream world. Here under the influence of the unknown the logic of his desires prevails and a romantic saga takes shape.
The Smurfs set out to help out an elderly human couple.
5 shorts for kids about the sky and stars
Alvin learns the true meaning of Christmas.
Naomi Armitage and Ross Sylibus have changed their names and live with their daughter Yoko as a happy and normal family on Mars — until an android riot breaks out at an anti-matter plant on Earth.
Robert Mitchum lives in a deserted movie set.
Pily is a lovable crustacean of mixed origin who struggles to escape his underwater home when it becomes threatened by pollution.
Two tree-creatures hibernating underneath the bark of their trees wake up by the quakes produced by a snowfall outside. After going out they become friends and delight at playing with the snow.
Horizontal lines move to different rhythms over backgrounds of different colors while music plays.  -Edgar Cochran
The story of Lucas a young ear of corn from his days in the cornfield with his mother to the moment he ultimately meets his fate as a meal for a young boy.
The people of a town are condemned to die one by one by a mysterious stranger who erects a gallows in the town square.
An Oscar nominated animated short about the relationship between children and their parents.
Maria is six-years-old she is working on her first school composition. She has decided to write about her beautiful house and her happy family. But around her everything soon starts falling apart.
Historical samurai OVA about the deputy leader of the Shinsengumi who fought on the side of the Shogun prior to the Meiji Restoration.
A short segment of the feature film Melody Time re-released as a separate entity five years afterwards.
Stop motion animated short film.
Two men seek to negotiate an agreement of international significance.
A Happy Harmonie with Bosko.
Baseball: Bluto's Bears vs. Popeye's Pirates and both Bluto and Popeye have girlfriends cheering them on.
Porky reads a book of new dog tricks  unfortunately his dog Rover is old. A puppy comes by and taunts him.
Charlie decides not to pay a professional to wash his windows convinced he can do things just fine by himself...
Woody mistakenly drinks a strength giving secret tonic stolen by a master spy.
A friend of Fred's Alejo Otero invites the Scooby gang to Veracruz Mexico where they find the monster El Chupacabra is terrorizing the town.
Horse Play is the 158th animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series. Woody has a run-in with an Indian who has a bad taste for Woody's horse.
Chilly stows away in a woodchopper's travel bag while the woodchopper is on his way to Smedley's Rest Home.
Woody Woodpecker befriends a dog.
Paul Grignon's 47-minute animated presentation of Money as Debt tells in very simple and effective graphic terms what money is and how it is being created
Taiga tale about a tiger cub who warmed the seed of sunflower.
A story about the thrall boy Halte who is being sacrificed to the Gods after he tries to kill a rich man.
A three part story about the plague religion and revolt in Northern Europe in the period 1349 to 1542.
The last movie in the Thralls-trilogy.
Snuden has left his bog to visit the giant rat Rita in the big city.
Snuden decides to leave the big city and return to his green bog.
An animated musical short about the strange animal Hugo living in the jungle.
An animated short from the 80s telling teenagers about puberty sex and protection.
An alley cat attempts to steal the goldfish Andy Panda just bought from a pet shop but the fish proves too clever for him.
A series of 16 short stories created by the creator's group Images Forum.
A Japanese legend about a fisherman who rescues a turtle and is rewarded for this with a visit to Ryūgū-jō the palace of Ryūjin the Dragon God under the sea.
A family goes on a fishing trip but makes a lot of stops along the way.
Sofía a little girl of seven remembers the day she fractured her arm while being chased through the forest  a story full of fantasy that hides a heart rending moment in Sofía's life.
A lonely man living in a large city buys a life-size sex doll. His relationship with his dream doll causes a certain reaction in the community. A bizarre adaption of Le Ballon Rouge.
Thomas discovers mysteries of the past and must help a new friend save a ruined castle and may even find some treasure when Sir Robert Norramby comes to the Island of Sodor.
Donald Duck appears as a steelworker.
Yosemite Sam is trying to rob the train that Bugs Bunny is riding on and the two face off in several different ways.
It’s Mom’s bible study night and that means Dad and little Linberg are on their own until she returns.
Dexter and Dee Dee wreck havok using Dexter's latest invention: a hand-held device that turns people into various animals.  The short film that inspired the TV-series.
Animated Composer in need of inspiration dreams his way through centuries of music - an inspiring tale that leaves him with a rather bland pop tune.
An animated short film from 2002.
2 minutes long animation by Tadanori Yokoo.
Beautiful painted images flow into each other in a unique depiction of the Biblical fall of man.
Children build children ask children bump children 'R fast.
A collection of commercials from 1960s DDR (GDR).
Animusic draws you into its reality like no place you have ever been. You encounter new dimensions of sight and sound as you experience seven unique visual concerts
The adventure of a brave girl in the amazing animal land.
A mouse is saved from committing suicide by a baby kangaroo who he frees from a crate on the docks. His new friend who looks like a king-sized mouse then helps him get revenge on Sylvester the cat.
First film produced by Laugh-O-Gram Studio as part of demo reel. This film is not really animated it just consists of Walt drawing a single frame.  Part of the Newman Laugh-O-Grams Series.
This film is not really animated it just consists of Walt drawing a single frame.  Part of the Newman Laugh-O-Grams Series.
First properly animated film produced by Laugh-O-Gram Studio as part of demo reel.  Part of the Newman Laugh-O-Grams Series.
Bite a cockroach who lives in a computer processor must prove himself and survive the ongoing battle between predator-like street pigeons and beetles to win over the girl of his dreams.
The third collected motion comic in the Astonishing X-Men series penned by Joss Whedon
Ghiblies a totally different look on the staff of Studio Ghibli as they go through life work on new animation projects office jokes off the wall events and deciding what to have for lunch.
The film is about Koro the puppy who runs away from his mistress experiences some adventures around town and who is finally happily returned home.
Chu Zumo is the story of an old farmer who discovers a group of rats heading to a sumo wrestling bout. After they lose miserably he decides to feed the rats to boost their chances of winning.
Two best friends Red and Blue risk everything to find the greatest treasure of all time.
Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in his last animated short conducts a symphony with a whole gaggle of hens (and one ostrich) to lay eggs for Easter.
Casper emerges from a subway station following a crowd of scared strangers.
An animated version of the classic story of a young farm-girl who is transported to the magical land of Oz.
A small bird with a fear of flying tries to avoid heading South for the winter.
When Katie and Makean delay their trick or treating to deliver the Candleman's Halloween Party invitations they find themselves caught up in a spooky adventure filled with macabre monsters.
An aging skateboarding veterinarian Sir Billi goes above and beyond the call of duty fighting villainous policemen and powerful lairds in a battle to save an illegal fugitive - Bessie Boo the beaver!
An erotic comedy in claymation.
Chilly and Smedley are cutting ice blocks to build an igloo when they discover a viking who has been frozen in the ice for 800 years ...
This episode shows how Chilly and Maxie the Polar Bear meet
After losing 12 sheriffs in twelve days the town of Lizzard Gizzard Gulch makes Woody sheriff number 13 with the task of arresting notorious bank robber Dirty McNasty.
Buried under the ice and snow of Antarctica's polar regions is the nerve center of a weather station.
An award winning short film by Konstantin Bronzit from 1994.
An animation made of beach sand on a piece of glass - directed by Caroline Leaf. Based on Kafka's The Metamorphosis.
An animated short directed by Matt Abbiss.
Based on the book by Posy Simmonds. Mischievous kitten Fred grows up to be feline singing superstar but a case of cat flu threatens to cut short his musical career.
An Aardman short film about Angry Kid.
Lost in the woods a young boy makes a bloody pact with a dying wolf.
There is a world with two towns that are big enemies: Pyross and Hydross.
The popular cartoon cat and mouse are thrown into a feature film. The story has the twosome trying to help an orphan girl who is being berated and exploited by a greedy guardian.
Short by Koji Yamamura
The answers to some of the world's most embarrassing questions
This Lone Ranger spoof pits the Lonesome Stranger and his horse Sliver against a gang of Mexican banditos known as the Killer Diller Boys.
A Martian explorer discovers the secrets behind the USA's prosperity: oil and free enterprise!
The story follows Arion a young man kidnapped by Hades as a child and raised to believe that his mother was blinded by Zeus and that killing the ruler of Mount Olympus will cure her.
A scientist invents the portable hole only to have a thief steal his samples to go on a crime spree.
Elmer Fudd on a fourth of July picnic throws some of his firecrackers into an ant colony and the ants declare all-out war on him.
Play Doll explores the chilling reality of domestic abuse behind the doors of a seemingly perfect family at Christmas time.
See what happens when the student bodies of an all-vampire school and an all-werewolf school integrate with Monster High.
Animated short film by Michael Sieber.
As a man waits to fall to his death overzealous morticians stand in the way of help.
A married couple gets ready for bed. As they argue about the party they hosted earlier that night they remove their clothes--and more...
A guy is singing in the bathroom his next door neighbor starts to complain setting a chain of events in motion.
Fun short movie about wolf goat and cabbage.
A simple life of simple creatures in a wonderful and awful world.
From being born until his death a man spends most of his time imprisoned in boxes.
Babyroussa awakes on his island hungry but the fridge is empty. He decides to bake some bread.
A criminal produces an uncontrollable laughter to the population and Mortadelo and Filemón will have to stop him.
Ex Libris is a Czechoslovakian Stop-motion animation by Garik Seko. The film consists of books that are animated using stop-motion.
Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest back home.
A documentary about the history of Marvel comics.
A spoof of disaster films an asteroid is coming towards earth and Harry Bottoms is in charge of saving us all...again...
Adam and Eve are cast out of Eden. They discover that flowers can bring both joy and solace.
The film is about 4 high-schoolers who are bike racers and illegally partake in races at night on public roads.
Two Minions are busy at work in the mailroom. One of them bored decides to throw a box of expired PX-41 samples into its designated chute.
A Minion seeing many owners walk their dogs wants a puppy of his own. He tries to leash a ladybug but fails. Luckily a UFO that sweeps away the ladybug somehow agrees to become a Puppy.
While sorting through a mess of books in the staff room Ohana happens upon one of Denroku's log books from long ago. Within it it recounts a story of Ohana's mom when she was the same age as her.
When a woodsman hears the disembodied cries and whispers of his not-so-dearly but recently departed wife his search for the source brings him to an unexpected and violent confrontation.
An animated short.
Another day another drug deal gone wrong in this NC-17 bit of ultra-violence set in an 8-bit isometric metropolis.
In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion Michael Jordan.
A David O'Reilly short film.
A David O'Reilly short film.
A man tries to befriend a unicorn in this David O'Reilly short.
A David O'Reilly short film that opened for the 2009 Pictoplasma Conference.
The small town of Pinchcliffe is experiencing a great lack of snow which is why the inventor Reodor Felgen is asked to create a snow machine. However things does not go as planned.
Lightning McQueen gets hiccups and the residents of Radiator Springs give him advice on how to cure them.
6th-century Scandinavian warrior Beowulf embarks on a mission to slay the manlike ogre Grendel a descendant of Cain.
A normal bug in a black and white world  becomes purple because of a horrible accident a turn of events that cost it all of its friends since they don't approve its new color.
As a live woman performs a striptease she's cheered on by an audience of small cartoon men. Some of them pop in the excitement as she brings down the house.
Animated Canadian film.
An abstract animated short by Michael Theodore.
In feudal India a warrior (Khan) who renounces his role as the longtime enforcer to a local lord becomes the prey in a murderous hunt through the Himalayan mountains.
Three young Inuits set off in search of a promised land to save their clan from starvation.
Oswald is fired from his job as a limousine driver for flirting with the boss' daughter. But when the boss' bank is robbed by Pete it's Oswald to the rescue!
Smedley is tired of being the one-man crew for Captain Blah of the Old Eye Sore.
A king looks for a groom for his daughter who must be married before midnight or else she will be turned into a witch..
Chilly helps protect his polar bear friend from an Eskimo who wants to hunt him.
Woody Woodpecker inserted into the classic fairy tale.
Chilly Willy short. First appearance of Maxie the Polar Bear.
Chilly sneaks into Smedley's lodge which is closed for the winter to eat some soup. Chilly keeps changing Smedley's radio to loud music landing Smedley in trouble with a local hibernating bear.
On a tuna boat Chilly gives a dog a hard time by stealing the fish that he catches.
Woody mistakes an about-to-be-launched rocket for a high-rise luxury treehouse. He becomes a space traveler and causes havoc along the way.
Woody meets a crazy professor who makes monsters by shooting them with a machine ray. On the second shot they return to normal.
Woody rescues his dog Duffy from a bully dogcatcher.
Jerry's mouse hole connects two buildings with Tom and another cat. Jerry decides the best survival is pitting the cats against each other without their knowledge.
Woody lives in a pyramid. Woody finds famous explorer Mrs. Meany dressed in a helmet and shorts on a dig in Egypt.
A wanted man out West pastes Woody's picture over his own wanted poster and Calamity Jane goes after the reward. Woody outsmarts Jane but she falls in love with the outlaw when she sees his ugly face.
Charlie Beary tries to relax but is unaware of a cricket loose in the house. He hears a squeak coming from Bessie's vacuum cleaner.
Woody is the object of desire between two feuding hillbillies' hound dogs.
Woody Woodpecker causes all kinds of problems for a bank robber with hilarious results.
Woody is causing too much damage. So much so that top scientists are called in to figure out a solution.
An Indian tribe is in need of rain and believe they can get it by sacrificing a woodpecker. Along comes Woody.
Smedley is fed up with Arctic weather and wants to leave for Hawaii. But his longtime pal Chilly Willy won't let him.
Daffy Duck goes to a forest on a gold hunt and his treasure map indicates the presence of gold in a hole occupied by two polite twin gophers.
It's Halloween and an elderly lady Granny is leaving a grocery store with her treats for the children...
Woody and Fink Fox are teamed up as buddies roaming the Western Plains.
The construction of a freeway threatens to destroy Woody's home.
Woody is in Rome and is upsetting the Emperor so he has his guard chase him down.
Charlie has a present for his family... a brand new TV set. However once he turns it on he gets nothing but zig-zag lines...
Inspector Willoughby tries to retrieve The Maltese Chicken from the evil oriental villain Egg Foo Yung.
Woody is getting his hair cut at the local barber when suddenly said barber walks right out on him (it's his lunch break)...
Chilly Willy goes face to face with lighthouse keeper Smedley for constantly disrupting his sleep.
Tweety Bird is on vacation with his mistress Granny in Hawaii where Sylvester Cat is scrounging for food on a beach...
Marooned on a ship in wintertime Chilly Willy and Smedley try to eat one another.
Chilly tries to borrow some coal from the ski resort Smedley works at but Smedley stops him.
Big Bad Wolf and his nephew use a club for rabbits Club del Conejo to try to catch Bugs.
Biplane battles over France in World War I between Bugs and Baron (Yosemite) Sam Von Shamm.
Woody flies onto a Hawaii-bound ocean liner causing havoc for a captain and his dog. The ship's dog tries to catch him with no luck.
In this one Charlie is trying to go on a fishing trip but Bessie's mom is coming along to bark orders at him.
When Woody makes way too much racket with his TV set and musical instruments his neighbors have had enough and evict him from the entire city...
As Pesky Pelican flies south for the winter his wings begin to ice up. He's puzzled until he finds the South Pole.
Its up to Inspector Willoughby to capture an escaped convict.
Chilly Willy goes deep sea fishing coming up with an old shoe which he proceeds to cook.
In a spoof of TV's Untouchables Rocky and Mugsy chase Elegant Ness (Bugs) through the ACME cereal company.
Bugs races Daffy to get to the TV station first and win the prize on the Beat Your Buddy show.
Woody decides to make a home in a telephone pole where he encounters Smedley a lineman determined to stop his company's property from trespass.
Woody impersonates a doctor with the usual madcap events.
The evil king is busy counting his money. Woody and his Merry Men are dancing in Sherwood Forest. The old king's tax money comes up short because of Woody and his men.
Woody's take on the story of Little Red Riding Hood but Gabby Gator tries to steal the wolf's part.
Smedley's the caretaker of Greenleaf Park a job that he likes very much because he cares for all the trees and he just loves trees.
Woody Woodpecker goes out West.
Woody has a tit-for-tat with Bucky Beaver as they attempt to destroy each other's house in this riotous cartoon.
Foghorn Leghorn makes the mistake of volunteering to mind Widow Hen's mischievous son while she's away.
Two men discuss the nature of accidents and the possibility of nuclear war.
It's alligator hibernation season in the Everglades but Gabby Gator is wide awake and eager to have Woody for dinner.
Seven years after the defeat of the spiral king Simon and the Dai-Gurren brigade must set out to the vastness of space to defeat a new threat and save the universe.
Two Mexican crows flying to Guadalajara on the wings of an airplane spot a corn field on the ground below and dive into it...
Yosemite Sam marries a widow for her money and once the honeymoon is over the woman reveals her real bossy...
Speedy Gonzales' lethargic cousin Slowpoke Rodriguez comes to visit Speedy's hacienda to the delight of Sylvester Cat who is confident he will be able to catch Slowpoke for dinner.
Foghorn Leghorn is sound asleep when the barnyard dog places an ostrich egg beside him for a gag. When Foghorn awakes and sees the egg...
Mickey Minnie Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow go on a musical wagon ride until Peg-Leg Pete tries to run them off the road.
An alligator uses dark magic to try to capture Woody.
Woody Woodpecker has been a source of aggravating annoyance to a certain householder due to Woody's pecking the antenna of a TV set ...
A crook on a steamboat tries to outwit Inspector Willoughby.
Wally Walrus is the keeper of a fish hatchery in which trout are incubated and raised.
In the ghost town of Spooksville Arizona Woody Woodpecker tangles with an outlaw who disguises himself as a ghost to scare Woody away.
Chilly Willy's on a wharf fishing using his accordion as a sea bag. As he catches a fish he puts it in the sea bag.
A narrator tells us that in the days of the Old West times were tough. With no law and order bandits roamed around free to commit any crime with western outlaw.
In Florida a starving Gabby Gator is fishing in the swamp for his dinner. He only succeeds in catching a news magazine which has an article about movie star.
In a thunderstorm the tree in which Woody Woodpecker makes his home is struck by lightning and utterly destroyed. Completely dazed by his misfortune.
The register of the hotel in St. Moritz is receiving its annual dust off in prepration for the influx of guests at the opening of the skating season.
In a Florida swamp starving Gabby Gator has a little diner. Things are slow  he is just waiting for a good meal to come along.
Foghorn Leghorn courts Miss Prissy when a foundling is left on her doorstep. It is Henery the Chicken Hawk.
The Confederate Army wants to get an important message through to Gen. Lee but all the carrier pigeons have been shot down.
Sylvester Cat and a scrawny bulldog escape from a truck headed for the city animal pound and make like convicts on the lam.
Looseface a young Indian brave turned TV star completes his role in a picture and is told to go home for a vacation.
The feud between the Martins and the Coys has ended after all being wiped out except for one. Woody comes by and inadvertently starts it back up.
Woody Woodpecker hot hungry and thirsty is walking across a dry bleak Western desert.
Elmer Fudd agrees to take care of his boss' dog in return for a promotion and finds he must treat the pooch as a human being.
Woody Woodpecker bothers a wealthy man who has been diagnosed as alergic to noise.
The history of falconry is turned upside-down when Woody is the prey of a falcon bent on destroying him. Falcons make great hunters.
On a quiet and peaceful street the serenity of one house is suddenly disturbed by the noise of Woody Woodpecker pecking away inside.
Outer space invader Yosemite Sam wants to capture typical earth creature Bugs.
Television host Cave Darroway introduces a film about the life of Cro-Magnon man in the year 75000000 B.C.
A hungry Ralph Wolf wants to swipe and eat some of the sheep in Sam Sheepdog's flock. Not only does Sam foil all of Ralph's schemes.
Woody tries to watch his favorite TV quiz show Win the Whole Wide World despite the fact it is constantly interrupted by commercials for the stupidest products.
Foghorn Leghorn travels to the deep south to enjoy the sun but must contend with two yokelish chicken hawks Pappy and Elvis who want to roast him for dinner.
A female cat wants to board a French cruise ship. Prior to the ship's departure she crawls under a freshly-painted.
In his Hollywood home Bugs is being interviewed by the Edward R. Murrow TV show People to People when Daffy and Elmer show up.
Tweety Bird goes on a world tour with his mistress Granny. And a hungry Sylvester Cat follows them everywhere they go (France Japan Switzerland and Italy).
Woody tricks Ali Gator into a swampland chase.
Woody Woodpecker gets into a mêlée with a lumberjack in the north woods. When the woodchopper chops down Woody's tree.
Bandit Denver Dooley travels to a lawless western town where he notices a sign No Bandits Allowed. Signed Marshall Woody Woodpecker.
The drunken stork loses his baby ape for Mr. and Mrs. Elvis Ape on a jungle island so he knocks out Bugs Bunny and delivers him instead.
Geriatrics Foghorn Leghorn and the barnyard dog recount their years of violent mutual heckling unaware that outside the window of their house...
In the Antarctic Ocean the icebreaker uss Icepick is busy clearing the sea lanes.
Woody gets a job as an alligator bagger but the alligator has similar plans for the woodpecker.
Smedley (a dog) the hottest thing on television and the star of his own I Love Smedley show achieved his present status quite by accident.
When a penguin escapes from the zoo another one must be captured. Will it be Chilly Willy? Don't bet on it.
Woody is hungry and needs food. And to get food you need money. And to get money you need a job. So he applies to be an insurance salesman and attempts to sell insurance to Dooley.
Bugs discovers a Micronesian Film Documentary in Cromagnonscope showing Elmer Fuddstone and a sabertooth bunny in 10000 BC.
Amid a snowy barnyard Foghorn Leghorn deflects the carniverous attentions of a lip-smacking weasel.
The chase continues between Tweety Bird and that persistant puddy tat Sylvester. Tweety hides in a millinery store (where Granny happens to be shopping) and hides on a hat.
Woody's vacation in the desert [is] interrupted by a German-accented scientist who thinks he has landed on Mars and wants to take Woody back as a specimen.
In Switzerland an underachieving rescue dog is told to go rescue someone.
Woody goes to Yellowstone National Park where he encounters a bear who does anything to get food from people.
Woody is a salesman trying to unload his wares on a hibernating (and reasonably irritated) bear.
Hercules a small bulbous-nosed plumber receives a note saying he must fix leak at Carnegie Hall.
Woody Woodpecker tells Knothead and Splinter the story of how woodpeckers have influenced world history.
The Miracle Telephone Company attempts to stop Woody Woodpecker from pecking holes in its telephone poles.
Sylvester Cat joins a tour group through the City Zoo and finds Tweety Bird among the exhibits. Sylvester chases Tweety and ends up in a bear's den.
Jack's mother throws Jack's magic beans outside under Sylvester Cat's sleeping box and the cat is whisked to the world above where he finds a huge Tweety Bird in the castle of the legendary Giant.
Codename: Robotech is an animated pilot that preceded the original 1985 Robotech television series. It is set within the events of the First Robotech War.
Sylvester Cat chases Tweety Bird into busy city streets as he himself is being chased by a bulldog. All three are in an accident and taken to an animal hospital each with a broken leg.
Homer Pigeon's eyesight is pretty bad so he goes to a doctor for glasses.
Foghorn's annoying college buddy Rhode Island Red comes for a visit and then won't leave.
A shaggy dog is the guard at a farm's chicken coop when a lip-smacking weasel comes along intending to gain access to the chickens.
This cartoon is a bit of a bizarre experiment that asks What if Woody Woodpecker were the size of Tom Thumb and had to live in a bowling ball?
Bugs takes a wrong turn off the Hollywood freeway and tunnels into the headquarters of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Daffy Duck must double for Bugs in any slapstick which Warners considers too dangerous for its star Bug Bunny.
Crusoe played by Yosemite Sam has been living off coconuts for 20 years when Bugs washes up on his island.
A mild-mannered man whose nerves are shot from incessant noise is sent to an exclusive silent retreat with hilarious results.
Foghorn Leghorn decides to teach Widow Hen's egghead genius son how to have fun by playing croquet cowboys and Indians.
Seeking to unlock the mystery of a strange stone statue that looks exactly like their Sergeant the members of the Keroro Platoon find themselves engaged in a great adventure.
Paris 1913: Passionate odiferous Pepe Le Pew pursues the latest love of his life a cat who's been made up to look like a skunk through the sets of a silent-movie studio.
Woody is prisoner at a taxidermy school but when it is his turn to be used he escapes. The guard dog is put in charge of retrieving him.
A witch's broom breaks right outside of the broom factory where Woody just happens to be working. Unfortunately for her she doesn't have the 50 cents needed to purchase a new handle.
More adventures of Chilly Willy and his quest to stay warm.
After a dog destroys a couple of Woody's houses Woody finds warmth from the rainstorm in the same house that the dog lives in. Hijinx ensue.
After punching in for work Sam Sheepdog deals with Ralph Wolf's attempts to steal the flock which this time make use of a balloon a fake Acme-brand rock and a bicycle-propelled submarine.
Sylvester Cat tries to catch Tweety Bird who is up in a tree in the middle of the city dog pound.
Bugs will not bend to the threats of Pirate (Yosemite) Sam.
Two cockney canines chase Sylvester Cat into the lab of Dr. Jerkyl where the cat drinks Hyde formula...
Woody is a piano tuner and is forced to play after a bank robber hides out in the piano and points a gun at him.
Rocky the gangster kidnaps Tweety Bird for a million dollar ransom and holes up in an abandoned city building...
Yosemite Sam hears that Granny has inherited fifty million dollars. Good guy Bugs tries to save Granny from Sam's clutches.
A wildcat escapes from the zoo disguises herself as a skunk to fool her pursuers but that only attracts love-struck Pepe who finds he enjoys the extra spice that fangs and claws add to lovemaking.
Woody Woodpecker is the small town sheriff who must face the feared gunslinger Buzz Buzzard.
After driving the Foreign Legionnaires from their fort with his aroma lovesick skunk Pepe falls for the camp mascot a cat who's accidentally gotten a white stripe painted down her back.
Woody's home is beset by an invasion of voracious alien termites.
Buzz Buzzard tries to scalp Woody for his feathered head as a gift to an Indian maiden.
A Texas oilman fights Bugs over property rights to his rabbit hole.
Despite a 'No Trespassing' sign an irritable gopher and an obvious lack of skill Woody is determined to play some croquet.
Out west tenderfoot Woody uses his slingshot against Indian Buzz Buzzard in a shooting contest.
This short is a rather manic re-telling of the fable The Ant and the Grasshopper with Woody Woodpecker as the grasshopper.
A beany-capped wise-cracking crow invades a corn field owned by an elderly farmer. The farmer unsuccessfully attempts to kill the crow by using a gun an axe and a cannon.
In 1492 Bugs Bunny sails the ocean blue as mascot for Christopher Columbus.
A cat chases a hummingbird and repeatedly stumbles onto the property of a sleepy bulldog who punishes the cat for each interruption of his slumber.
Bugs confronts marsupials and aborigines in Australia's outback.
Betty Boop goes to work on the subway (Trample 'Em R.R. Co.)  Pudgy the Pup follows her and gets more ride than he bargained for.
Fireman Porky and friends try to save a theatrical boarding house and its inhabitants from an inferno.
Literary characters come to life late at night in a bookshop serenading Sniffles the mouse with swing music until the Frankenstein monster intrudes.
Popeye's fan club sends a telegram asking them to tone down the violence and act civilized so everyone dresses up and acts formal for a while at least.
Everybody Rides the Carousel is a 1975 independent animated film about the stages of life.
Nett Cutler (Elmer Fudd) romances Crimson O'Hairoil in this send-up of Gone With the Wind (1939).
Andy Panda gets a magic kit in the mail.
Jack Bunny (a spoof of Jack Benny) invites Hollywood celebrities to his Malibu house for a party.
The race is on for the state railroad franchise. It's the Sudden Pacific (Bluto) against the Onion Pacific (Popeye). Oh and there's also a kiss from Olive for the winner.
Porky checks into a hospital with a tummyache  he has the bad luck to encounter a patient posing a Dr. Chilled-Air who is a bit too eager to operate.
Sniffles the mouse is in the country for a restful vacation but the woodland creatures keep him awake and eventually frighten him into scurrying back to the city.
Olive has a secret treasure map but while she's showing it to Popeye Bluto photographs it and gets there first.
When Popeye tells Olive Oyl that he will propose to her the next morning she has a dream that their four boys will run roughshod over their house.
Olive sends Popeye a puppy Eugene the Jeep for his birthday but despite Popeye's best efforts to make it sleep outside it keeps finding its way back into the house. A rare spinach-free Popeye.
Popeye is on a training ship but his seat-of-the-pants ways don't fit in with modern equipment.
Popeye wants to get Olive a fur coat but after a run-in with dishonest furrier Geezil decides the best way is to go hunting for a bear himself.
Porky introduces a newsreel of wartime spot gags including a spoof of the RKO Pictures logo and caricatures of Jack Benny and Rochester.
Sniffles the mouse's friends talk him into putting a bell around the neck of the troublesome house cat.
Olive's garden is being raided by some very persistent crows  she calls Popeye for help and it takes him the rest of the cartoon to hit on the solution.
Sniffles the mouse and his friend the Bookworm try to evade a cat in a the toy department of Lacy's department store.
Porky Pig works hard on his farm all year. On a neighboring farm a bear lazes around and allows his animals to be idle. The winter comes and he has nothing to eat.
Gabby teaches a young boy how to fish even though the boy was doing much better without him.
Gabby is a servant in a castle and is required to do a little housework.
Gabby goes camping with the Mayor.
Andrew P. Panda (Andy's pop) asks the local roofing company if they will repair his shoddy roof.
We tour a farm and see how the various animals are preparing for the war in a series of blackout skits.
A pigeon wants to be a carrier pigeon for the Military so he can win the heart of his sweetheart.
A vulture a gorilla and a hyena (“with no small resemblances to actual dictators”) bully the woodland animals who eventually fight back using the letter V as their victory symbol.
The story of the innocent who gets caught charged and executed while the real criminal is like an innocent baby watching.
Shore leave in South America  Bluto muscles in on Popeye's girl Olivia Oyla. Popeye muscles him out but when they get to the conga club he doesn't care to dance so Bluto wins again.
Mother Goose rhymes are given the 40's era toon treatment.
Popeye takes on the Japanese Navy single-handedly.
It's the dead of winter and Daffy Duck is starving. A fox and a weasel invite him into their cabin and feed him beans. But they have an ulterior motive--namely eating Daffy.
A lion wants to prove he's still King of the Jungle and to prove it he hunts rabbit.
A wacky travelogue takes us to the zoo where Porky Pig is the keeper and goofy animals provide the basis for a series of black-out gags.
A tour of the bright lights of New York City where the various advertising signs come to life.
Popeye punished with tedious chores on an aircraft carrier leaps into action when a Japanese bomber hiding behind a fake cloud attacks the ship.
Popeye and Bluto agree that women are too much trouble so they agree to swear off them which lasts about 5 seconds until Olive comes on board ship for a tour. The boys vie for her attention.
Bugs Bunny is wanted dead or alive by the Mounted Police led by Elmer Fudd. The Fresh Hare episode was banned from television for almost 30 years because it was considered too racey for the time.
Popeye sits down to make a cartoon. He shows the results to Olive and his nephews: it's a damsel-in-distress scenario starring him and Olive with live music and sound effects by Popeye.
Bluto decides he's exhausted and needs a complete rest  fortunately there's a hospital nearby where he can fake exhaustion. Popeye discovers the deception and poses as his nurse.
As everyone knows the narrator begins goldfish must have water... and cats hate water. And so it goes.
Andy Panda wants roast chicken for his Meatless Tuesday dinner...but the farmyard rooster isn't being cooperative.
The foreman of the Lazy S Ranch is getting much work out of his shiftless cowhands until a black cowboy on a donkey comes riding' along singing Cow Cow Boogie.
A worm reminiscent of Jerry Colonna is lowered into the water and uses various guises to lure fish. He also tangles with a crab.
Bugs fights the legendary giant. In the historical context of World War II much fun is made of the giant's claimed superiority over the more clever and fun-loving rabbit.
A horse (with a Jack Benny attitude and voice) is treated like a horse and doesn't like it so he gets even with his owner.
Farmer Alfalfa is trying to get rid of his cat throwing him in the river.
General Daffy in a Napoleon hat commands a fort. Porky sleeps too soundly so Daffy needs to roust him but when the Indians attack he's the only one awake to see them.
A newsreel spoof with WWII homefront gags including rationing air raid drills and women filling in men's jobs.
A full scale burlesque on Uncle Tom's Cabin with the Tex Avery influence fully in play. Probably the funniest Mighty Mouse cartoon.
Actually Popeye and Bluto are already there. They visit a nightclub where the featured singer/dancer is of course Olive Oyl.
In this longer-than-the-norm cartoon Raggedy Ann in a mission in Heaven works a minor miracle with the help of the elements.
Barney Bear runs afoul of a foul-smelling skunk who wants to steal his berries.
Made for the Community Chests of America Pluto demonstrates his community spirit by donating his collection of bones.
After a storm strands them on a deserted island Woody Woodpecker and his wolf friend end up battling themselves in a quest to find food.
Woody Woodpecker and Andy Panda give a piano performance for an audience of barnyard animals.
A group of celebrity dogs led by an 'Edward G. Robinson' look-alike and including Jimmy Durante decide that celebrity dogs need a nightclub of their own.
To the tune of The Nutcracker a number of elves do all the work in a shoe shop.
Lulu plans her revenge against a distressed golfer who refuses to give her a lollipop after he promised her one for caddying for him.
A hungry indian tries to cook bugs yet Bugs outwits him yet again. Banned for offensive depiction of Native Americans.
Pa Bear's attempts to hibernate are constantly frustrated by Junyer's snoring Ma repeatedly opening the window a persistent drip from the ceiling and finally the voices of spring.
Abandoned in the country by his old master Charlie Dog tries to force himself upon farmer Porky Pig playing upon his sympathies with a histrionic rendition of the horrors of big-city life.
A Little man goes to jail and is everyones punching bag until with the help of a bug he takes down the biggest meanest guy in prison.
Wild tells the story of an overzealous hunter that visits the woods with his dog. The  inhabitants of the forest however are not that happy with his wild actions…
A woman taking a trip encounters a nightmarish landscape juxtaposed against scenes of classical beauty.
A series of mini-stories satirising our world in the 20th Century.
No movie overview is available.
A lowly stable elf finds that he is the only one who can stop an invasion of the North Pole by using the secret of Santa's Sleigh a TimeGlobe to travel back in time to Save Santa - twice.
A sexy French maid fights the living dead.
The little girl from the previous two films is now all grown up but she's not rid of the zombies yet...
A man with social anxiety gets followed by a naive and clumsy creature. Terrified the man tries to escape unaware that the creature is actually a helper with slightly unconventional methods.
A monkey and a tree woman live peacefully in their forest until the arrival of men.
Runaway is an animated short film about a misunderstanding between a man named Stanley and his treasured 1950s refrigerator named Chillie.
A candlemaker entrusts his young son with the task of making candles for their church on Christmas Eve.
A Christmas Marionette Short Film.
This is the Christmas story about Jesus' birth up to the time His worried mother The Virgin Mary goes looking for Him when He lingers behind at the Temple in Jerusalem.
Comedian Louie Anderson tells a story of one Christmas when he was a kid growing up in Wisconsin and how he and his dad brought Christmas cheer to a woman who appeared to have none.
Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions.
The plot follows Conan Edogawa who sets out to apprehend Arsène Lupin III the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire.
The Golden Key a 1939 movie combining live action and stop-motion animation.
A green crocodile who loves flowers and leaves falls in love with a pretty cow.
A vengeful Easter bunny plots to steal Santa’s sack and in the process learns something about himself that will change Christmas forever.
Family inherits an old house and to their surprise finds the home filled with wonderful colorful creatures that brings the family together.
Hop Mini Movie
Early 80's Sara is a good-family girl she has never been with a man does not drinks does not take drugs. Following her love she enters in El Calentito a bar where the group las Siux is singing.
Based on the Terry Pratchett novel. On Discworld in a small country called Lancre three witches find themselves dragged into royal politics.
A collection of fourteen award winning animated short films including Moonshadow The Last Cartoon Man Closed Mondays and Cosmic Cartoon.
Joyful androgynous forms shimmy across the screen to the sound of world-beat music.
A short Surrealist animation from Denmark which begins with a zoom into a Paul Delvaux painting then reverses the process by pulling back from a continually changing picture.
Tintin travels to Peru to rescue some archaeologists from an old inca curse.
A grim animated short film created with paper.
An unorthodox valentine's day.
A prequel to A Black and White Cartoon About Roof Tiling.
Composed of over 200 black and white illustrations it depicts the dark imagination of a little girl as she's listening to her grandmother tell her a bedtime fairytale.
In a dense forest a monoceratops-type plant-eating dinosaur is stalked by a carnivorous Tyrannosaurus rex.
In the distant future mankind begin research on clones that live underground in search of lost generic information.
An electronic puppet version of the Humperdinck opera adapted for children and using spoken dialogue as well as Humperdinck's music.
Linus and Lucy's younger brother Rerun wants a dog for Christmas and Snoopy's brother Spike may be the answer.
An eight chapter tale of two hamsters secretly kept under a boy's bed.
Based on the hit video game series Batman must find a bomb planted by the Joker while dealing with a mysterious team of villains called The Suicide Squad.
A couple on vacation raise the dead while playing with an oujia board.
Claymation terror. A team of ghost hunters meet their doom.
A Father gets more than he bargained for when he invites Alien visitors into his home.
Rookie cop Leon in a drug bust gone wrong... Bloody wrong!
The attack of The Saints from the latest Hitman game retold with claymation cats.
Not for children it's a Postman Pat adventure like you've never seen before. What does he do when he runs over and flattens his cat Jess?
Lee Hardcastle originally made this short film under the title Pingu's THE THING but was forced to take it down by Hit Entertainment who own the Pingu brand. So he remade it with claymation cats.
Sam Raimi's goofy horror masterpiece retold with claymation cats.
Morph on crack.
A claymation version of A Good Day to Die Hard.
The Martians speculate on the nature of Earth's apparent dominant life form automobiles.
Oscar nominated short cartoon from 1968
Tells the early history of how conflict began between the humans and machines. Part 1 of 2.
The battle for Earth turns against the humans despite their infamous desperate act of blackening the skies.
A short film by Robert Morgan
A wily prospector gives a Grim Reaper-in-Training a run for his money.
A cat Lorenzo is dismayed to discover that his tail has developed a personality of its own.
Norman McLaren attempts to give the opening speech for the first Montreal International Film Festival but his microphone won't cooperate.
When things go bad in Beantown top assassin Killer Bean is called to clean-up the mess. Detective Cromwell finds himself in the middle between Killer Bean and mob boss Cappuccino.
One night near a cliff-to a young woman receives a marvellous and unhoped for invitation of life.
Short film by the award winning animator Michael Dudok de Wit.
An animated short film by Alexei Petrov.
An animated short film about a man struggling against the storm. Suddenly he discovers that not everybody is affected by the wind...
The story of Noel a cheerful Christmas ornament with a certain happiness that rubs off on the families he lives with.
Student Jiro Shutendo is unaware that he has mystical powers which could lead mankind to heaven or hell.
Scooby and the gang visit Hawaii but a monster disturbs their fun.
A private detective is hired to find the elusive computer hacker Trinity. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts in the Matrix universe.
Danny an ambitious singing/dancing cat goes to Hollywood and overcomes several obstacles to fulfill his dream of becoming a movie star.
Whilst working on the great South African novel an unemployed writer gets caught up in the harsh realities of life in the city of Johannesburg.
On a moonless night a character with overlong arms walks. Preceded by his shadow he goes to an arena where he is about to perform a ritual.
French animated short film.
An ugly man rises to power with the benefit of a handsome looking lump on his head.
A giant tiger mysteriously appears in a big city. It will reveal the hidden reality in an otherwise ordinary night.
Claymation short film to the sounds of the hit Reet Petite by Jackie Wilson.
An Inuit tale of familial revenge.
A Sesame Street short film featuring Pixar's Luxo Jr.
A child explores her changing relationships with friends in an industrial town.
Canadian animated short film by George Geertsen.
Polish animated short film by Jan Lenica.
The story of the Piranha birds or Dodos as they would be known to you.
An animated short film that tells the melancholic but beautiful story about a woman who finds an orphaned baby by the river.
A six minute short made in New York City by Jeffrey Noyes Scher.
A simplistically rendered girl screams and cries and her environment changes to reflect her thoughts and mood.
An animated short where Greg tries to win class clown.
Short film by Konstantin Bronzit.
Short film by director Carlos Lascano.
Award winning animated short film by Fyodor Khitruk.
An animated fireplace by Academy Award Nominee PES.
Our free culture anthem gets a fabulous arrangement by Nik Phelps. Vocals by Connie Champagne. Animation and song by Nina Paley.
Award winning animated short film.
The day Worthing sea-front was invaded by infinite teddy-bears.
A poetic tale directed by Elena Petkevich for children on a small grasshopper which is trying to learn the secret of life.
Wanderings of a sordid and abandoned city of Lisbon from the graphic work of Stuart de Carvalhais
This cartoon is directed against the brutality of professional Boxing. In parody  form it ridiculed unworthy methods and means used to achieve victory.
Snow Moon: Cinderella Chronicles Saga is a fantasy/adventure novel to film series. Snow Moon the movie the first in their four part saga Cinderella Chronicles.
Taking Isle of the Dead a work by the Swiss symbolist painter Arnold Böcklin as his starting point Norman McLaren creates a deeply disturbing surrealist dream.
Dr. Cockroach comes up with a brilliant plan to break themselves out of Area 52 – but to implement the plan he has to trick B.O.B. into thinking it’s his birthday.
The first title in the series of anime films by the Happy Science cult.
Lewis Carroll's 'Alice' stories are used to explain certain sections of the Labelling of Food Regulations 1970.
A high school student is haunted by thoughts of The Matrix and a person named Neo. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe.
Winnie the Pooh and friends decide to throw a birthday celebration for gloomy old Eeyore.
A big bad wolf terrorizes some little goats by entering their home when their mother is away. He swallows two of them but they are saved with some help from their family.
Mewtwo - Prologue to Awakening is a special episode of the Pokémon anime serving as a prologue to Genesect and the Legend Awakened.
The human resistance works to convert a sentinel to their side. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe.
Cis and Duo discuss leaving the real world while during a samurai sword fight. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe.
A record-breaking competitive runner begins to stretch the limits of the Matrix. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe.
Norman McLaren instructs Grant Munro on the movements he is to make. The film technique for Two Bagatelles is pixillation where the actor is animated frame by frame as in the film Neighbours/Voisins.
Marco is a boy who dreams of flying. But in the world he lives in his feet feel glued to the earth. A conceited crow helps him to find out how children can fly
Galileo dreams of his childhood in the twilight of his life the child learns while playing the observations to the wonderful sky full of mysteries and secrets
And what do you do with your love with your feelings? Do you still dream of perfect love? Love humor and desire emotions looking for a site. A tale of two worlds fantastic and intimate
Moomintroll is heading home to Moominmamma with milk. On the way there he meets Mymble looking for his little Sister . Together they set out to find her. Based on Tove Jansson's first Moomin book.
In a busy city full of motorized beings controlled by time a little girl named Zoe will discover a beautiful moon in the middle of the chaos
Juanelo is watching television. When the power goes out begins an adventure in a new world of amazing stage with endearing characters and danger
A man in a striped suit walks until he encounters a wall that will not let him pass. He desperately tries to overcome this obstacle
Atzimba is going to marry Jose. Her father sends his future son-in-law to take care of various duties. But the young man´s cleverness doesn´t do a lot of good.
It's an afternoon in Versailles during the reign of Louis XIV.
The surreal black comedy follows Nyatta an anthropomorphic kitten on his travel to the land of the dead and back in an effort to save his sister's soul.
The continuation of a funny adventures of the heroes from Ivan Tsarevich i Seryy Volk.
A man wants out of a marriage and tries to convince a friend of the bride-to-be to tell her the bad news.
Rythmetic is a 1956 Canadian short animated film directed by Norman McLaren and Evelyn Lambart where numbers are the main characters.
This tale depicts the torments that a world famous conductor suffers while leading a mediocre orchestra.
Mad God is a fully practical stop-motion film set in a Miltonesque world of monsters mad scientists and war pigs.
The Pink Panther hides himself inside Gamble's Department Store after closing time.  Once the janitor arrives he decides to have a little fun.
Old Jacinta knits non-stop longing for a visit
Martinelo is a young worker who dreams of leaving arid lands behind and finding a better life in the aquatic world. For this he will have to confront Mister Control lord and master of Robot City
Remote and alone various personalities share feelings of solitude in the interior of a labyrinthine house
A man tries desperately to escape his monotonous life and the slavery of the clock
Silhouette fairy tale film about a man who wins his true love with the help of the wee folk.
Follows the behind-the-scenes work of Studio Ghibli focusing on the notable figures Hayao Miyazaki Isao Takahata and Toshio Suzuki.
A four-film omnibus  that features four short anime films all themed around Japan.
Animaton short by Arnaud Demuynck and Cecilia Marum.
The Farmer is abducted by a capering Jungle Goddess. As pre-Code as a Terrytoon ever got. Most animation is by Frank Moser  with him are Art Babbitt Jerry Shields Bill Tytla and others.
A deliciously scary story about a boy who outsmarts an old witch-woman before she can have him and his brothers and sisters for dinner.
The boozy mercenary of the title based on the actual historical figure of Naoyuki Ban (1567-1615) attempts to rid a haunted castle of spooks.
The family cat has had its tail stepped on one too many times and dreams of revenge.
Flint must quickly alter his plans for a romantic date with Sam after his monkey-cleaning invention goes awry.
Flint's mischievous gummy bear grows to 50-feet by using his new food-modifying invention.
The Foodimals join Earl's scouting program but are very competitive.
Manny saves an adorable kitty with his many skills.
First film. On a trip to the zoo come a group of children each of them holding a hand over the rope. Monkeys are introduced to the group mingling with the children and begin to misbehave.
A free adaptation of Charles Perrault's famous Puss'n Boots The True Story of Puss'n Boots is a story for young and old for the first time on cinema screens.
A young llama named Koro discovers that the grass is always greener on the other side (of the fence).
Koro wants to get to the other side of the road.
The cartoon chronicles Hitler's birth brief childhood and eventual rise to power.
Timeline: 1998 Side stories. Adaptation of the manga by Takashi Takeuchi. Premiered and sold with Future Gospel.
The little ponies send out a search party for Lickity Split and Spike while the witch Hydia decides to make the Smooze an unstoppable purple ooze that will eat and destroy everything in its path.
A man is being robbed and stabbed by a junkie and in the last second before he dies a youth friendship flashes before his eyes
It's harvesting season so all the fruits and vegetables come out to play.
Rebecca Sugar's thesis film from New York’s School of Visual Arts.
1967 - Cannes Film Festival - Palme d'Or - Best Short Film  (Nominated)
Koji Yamamura's allegory the immutability of time love and devotion and the unbreakable nature of the parent-child bond into interlacing story.
The story deals with a slob named Larry and his companion the talking dog Steve.
In search of his lost soul mate an unpainted Vinylmation finds himself on a quest that alters the destiny of his entire world.
Beloved dinosaurs Littlefoot Cera Spike Petrie and Ducky return in this story about the wonders of discovery that features new songs including Donny Osmond's No One Has to Be Alone.
Sing and dance in La Gran Fiesta de Pocoyó. In this musical movie you become the real protagonist in this great party of singing and dancing the craziest and funniest songs with Pocoyo.
Animated film directed by John Halas.
A group of aliens searching for a new planet on which to make home with little success. Promotional short for Dreamworks Animation's forthcoming feature Home.
An animated short about the 75 years of Superman
An animated short where no real story is being told and  the perspective is constantly shifting.
A surreal trip through the subconscious of a stifled musician as he struggles to sing.
A brief homage to Rodolphe Töpffer in a zigzag travelling inspired by the drawings of the Geneva author. The short trip starts with a stroller and ends with a reader.
A visual and musical game which builds and destroys itself according to the vivacious rhythm of Serge Prokofiev’s Scherzo to Piano Concerto No. 2.
Through paintings that interact on the principle of Russian dolls we are drawn along the swirling path of the thoughts of a pilgrim a solitary walker.
Between a wave’s rhythm and the breath of a young woman in her sleep some animated paintings go on modifying each other.
Animated film directed by Walerian Borowczyk.
A frog who hates the water and jumping wishes that he could be like the other animals in the Amazon rainforest.
The ruler of the underground world is planning to conquer the whole world. Riding the fire dragon Isamu and Angel the princess of the undersea kingdom try to stop him from destorying their world.
Tadanori Yooko superb animation.
A monumental piece of art bringing the heroes of the ancient Czech myths back to life. The picture consists of seven parts: Cech the Forefather Bivoj Libuse Premysl Girls War Horymir Lucka War.
The sequel to Superflat Monogram (2003). The short celebrates six years of collaboration between Louis Vuitton and Japanese modern artist Takashi Murakami.
When the Punisher takes out a black-market weapons dealer he stumbles upon a far-reaching terrorist plot devised by a group known as Leviathan.
A battle between a creature who’s been killing members of a royal Japanese family and a mysterious white bear who protects them.
As we constantly build more mechanized weapons we will find ourselves on the brink of destruction and soon the only thing remaining will be those weapons.
A writer is kidnapped and surgically transformed into a human crash test dummy.
A young girl is transported to a magical world by a storefront bear in this anime short by Studio Colorido.
A duo of street performers learns how sound and picture work together to create amazing cinema experiences.
Long ago in a land with an ailing king there was a pair of boys who looked exactly alike a pauper called Mickey and the other the Crown Prince.
The well-known story of Cinderella.
Join the world's favorite little red sportster on a turbocharged whodunit adventure that packs more hairpin turns than an Alpine speedway - and features a shocking final twist that no one sees coming!
Exoids follows the octane-fueled adventures of the nomadic desert slug Gus Nitrous on his search for precious water.
Balto and his daughter Aleu embark on a journey of adventure and self discovery.
A story of a lonely fisherman
A 2014 Chinese animated film based on the animated television series Boonie Bears.
During a winter walk Natsume meets a snowman yokai who is searching for something she's lost and can't seem to recall and decides to help her despite not knowing what exactly she's looking for.
A look at everyone's favorite Disney characters as they explore the joys of Christmas.
When aquatic aliens plot to take over the planet the world aquanaut security patrol are called in to battle the aliens.
A dream that occurs after breaking up with a boyfriend.
Dog racing is used as a metaphor for the futility of human existence.
A little guy named Szczepan slowly sinks into the realms of madness because of the tragic love that he feels towards Helena a cold-blooded temptress who rejects him without batting an eye.
When Goldilocks a sassy reality TV star decides to film her next show at the humble home of the Bears she gives them a taste of the celebrity sweet life they've never had before
A reflection of author's inner thoughts fears and fragility and the constant wish to have absolute control.
The annual ghost convention introduces swing music to their tired out old scares.
A frenetic short about weird mechanical future-bunnies racing through traffic to get to the theater in time to see “Every Bunny Needs Some Bunny.”
The Little Prince questions the universe in this story of innocence and wonder.
A tale about water fireflies colorful cows small wooden houses wondrous river and some moody folk not aware of all these things.
15 one-minute shorts created by various people from Japan's animation industry. The title of the collection Ani*Kuri15 is abbreviated from the words anime and creators.
Strawberry Shortcake: Adventures on Ice Cream Island (2004)
A special Robot Chicken film consisting of comedic vignettes about DC comics characters aired April 6th
George and The Man In The Yellow Hat are having a merry time counting down to Christmas. But neither can decide what to give each other. Will they find the answers before Christmas morning?
A country song about life on the highway searching for lost love.
A Short movie about a boy and girls inner thoughts as they head to the same party.
Celebrating Batman’s 75th anniversary DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation have debuted this new animated short for the cultural icon.
Life drums the playfulness out of a boy as he grows up.
When a legendary escape artist comes up for parole after 30 years behind bars a chance for freedom must be weighed against his infamous past.
The legless ghost of a girl discovers some disembodied tap shoes dancing to Moses Supposes from Singin' in the Rain and attempts to join them in their dance.
The Hero Factory's mission: to build the bravest most advanced Heroes in the galaxy! When rookie Rocka responds to a civilian distress call from the planet Quatros.
Collection of classic cartoons including Haredevil Hare Mad as a Mars Hare Duck Dodgers and the Return of the 24 1/2th Century Spacedout Bunny Lumber Jack Rabbit and Hyde and Go Tweet.
The second movie is about the return match between the All Europe Soccer Team and Japan.
Arthur answers a distress call from Princess Selenia who is menaced by the nefarious Maltazard.
Aaron the drummer boy struggles to protect a bellmaker's great silver bells from seizure by Roman soldiers
Nestor the donkey is a bit of an oddity--his long ears are enough for six donkeys and stretch all the way to the ground. One night when Nestor is locked out in the cold he begins to wander the desert.
Years have passed since Frosty left for the North Pole but his promise is kept when he hears news of the first snowfall of the season and decides to return.
A video compilation of a few Looney Tunes episodes centered around an episode of a Christmas Carol with the part of Scrooge played by Yosemite Sam.
When Santa has an accident at Fred's house on Christmas Eve Fred and Barney have to continue his run for him.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck it off his delivery schedule due to an insulting letter a way must be found to change his mind.
This is the story about a cat with a boy's mind and a mouse with a girl's mind. They try to escape from a wicked tamer of a circus. A mouse takes a risk to save a cat
Bold and innovative animation takes drawing into the real world.
A young business woman takes a chilling ride when she realizes her cab driver could be the notorious Taxi Killer.
Hykade's third and final part of The Country Trilogy. The once dead father of We Lived in Grass returns. I give you the runt he says. But you take care of it and you kill it next year.
Set in Tokyo in the near future when all humanity has been wiped out a lonely basset hound wanders around a deserted city. Its only wish is to feel the warmth of a human being once more.
Rusty Reindeer (Savage) stumbles into a support group where the Easter Bunny Cupid and other down-and-out holiday icons congregate.
Earth is visited by a race of aliens who issue an ultimatum: either peace or complete destruction.
This is an animated version of Yanase Takashi's picture book featuring the friendship between a mother dog Muku-muku who lost her puppy and the baby lion Buru-buru who lost her mother.
1895 is a picture about the life of brothers Auguste and Louis Lumiere who have immortalized their names as inventors of cinematography. What inspired them?
Little Willy McBean joins up with a Mexican monkey named Pablo to travel back in time and stop the evil Prof. von Rotten from changing history.
Mr. Magoo invites a friend to his lakeside cabin unaware that a bloodhound has pursued an escaped convict to that isolated location.
Mr. Magoo interprets his nephew's request for $100 as evidence of an unfolding mystery.
As a child gets in danger a man sacrifices his world and unveils another truth.
Student film
Mario's world is falling apart.
In Clouds Cory took an old Super Mario Brothers Nintendo video game and erased everything but the clouds.
A video showcase of Paper Rad's individual and group creations.
An omnibus of ten short films by ten young directors.
In a hotel hallway the camera plunges into the microcosm of the hotel corridor carpet. Between crystal structures and inhabitants of this world we see an American house dust mite at work.
Join Captain Cuke (Larry the Cucumber) and his loyal first officer Mr. Spork (Bob the Tomato) as they embark on an out of this world adventure to save the galaxy from a menacing space pirate.
A doctor mysteriously discovers that he is required urgently at the village to offer his services. He arrives there after a long and difficult journey only to discover that the village is empty.
Happiness Charge Pretty Cure!: Ningyou no Kuni no Ballerina)  is the 16th Pretty Cure movie produced by Toei Animation. The movie was released in Japanese cinemas on October 11 2014.
A resurrected Unicron has taken over the now-lifeless body of Megatron to seek vengeance on the Autobots and ultimately the destruction of Cybertron.
Donald Duck struggles to create the perfect spot to watch fireworks with Daisy.
It's Valentine's Day but Donald can only afford a $1.00 box of candy for Daisy's present which blows away in a gust of wind. Donald does his utmost to retrieve it.
Poems by some of the greatest writers of all time are brought to life through lyrical animation and readings by some of today’s most respected performers.
Animations inspired by the art of Jim Woodring.
Shrek and his friends enjoy themselves with some Karaoke partying.
Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean high school principal and turn him into their comic book creation the kind-hearted and elastic-banded Captain Underpants.
An old lady comes across a group of shadowy figures and a giant whale that wouldn't leave her alone. Little did she know they are important pieces of her memories that she lost.
Leo San Juan returns to face the mummys
A parody of Mexican soap operas with alligators.
Fred is annoyed when an eerie new house is built next door inhabited by the Frankenstone family.
Josh Selig -  Jasper Newell
Terry faces off against a much younger Batman
An American family moves in to the Canterville Chase a London mansion that has been haunted by ghost Sir Simon De Canterville for 300 years.
Stanley the Pembroke Welsh Corgi is left behind in the break of an apocalypse.  All he wants to do is get back to his owner...
Game of Thrones: Complete History and Lore
Game of Thrones: Complete History and Lore Part II
Game of Thrones: Complete History and Lore Part III
A monkey who lives in a zoo  starts living like a human being when  is mistaken for a drunken Santa Claus who got lost and ended up in the zoo and is taken away for treatment of alcohol abuse
Yogi Bear and Boo-Boo discover aliens who plan to conquer Earth.
Big-hearted Goofy tries to go all out to give Max a great Christmas but as usual catastrophe follows Goofy's intentions. Excellent Christmas message of Family Friends and Love conveyed.
George and his best friend Hundley explore all the wonders of the season together in this high-flying full-length feature. Join them in a wild adventure that ends with a very fun surprise!
In the aftermath of an accident a young couple learn to deal with phantom pains.
A western animation movie
Dora and friends are on a mission to find the missing treasure chest!
Dark animation examining the thin line between human definitions of war and peace.
Meeper and the ChubbChubbs go to the North Pole  when Santa Claus is injured and can't deliver his presents he is replaced by Meeper.
The introductory chapter to the movie Strong World which depicts the events surrounding Gold Roger's execution.
A janitor at an alien night-club gets his wish to be a singer.
An animated parody on Star Trek TNG in this short First Officer Willing Piker serves aboard the S.E.V. Enterforaprize.
Blending live action with twisted animation this film tells the story of a gang of young surfers struggling to survive in post-apocalyptic Sydney
The Webslinger faces the ultimate challenge when his arch-nemesis discovers his identity and kidnaps his one true love Mary Jane Watson.
A mash-up of scenes from Winnie-the-Pooh cartoons overlain with dialogue from Apocalypse Now.
A pre-internet mash-up that mixes “Peanuts” and David Lynch’s “Blue Velvet.”
Skipper Kowalski Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it.
Contains all the openings and endings of the Macross OVAs and Series game cut scenes music videos and much more.
Short animated Hungarian film.
A lone eagle guides us towards a secluded canyon where two gunfighters silently face-off each waiting for an opening.
Little Golden Book Land is an animated syndicated special produced by DIC Entertainment and Western Publishing Company in 1989.
Animated feature about a young whale named Moby Dick.
It will be a prequel to the TV anime series and will be titled Uchuu Kyoudai #0 (Number Zero). The mangaka also added that the movie will revolve around the origin of the dream.
A new neighbor moves in and love ensues - but it's not what you might expect.
Short movie
When brilliant surgeon Ukyo Retsu removes a cancer from a mysterious old woman he doesn't realize that the cancer is a 5000 year-old demon. Ukyo must then assume the role of protector of the Earth.
Silhouette film. Based on Bizet’s opera “Carmen”.
The chance encounter between a rebel devil and a nubile angel.
Bill Plympton's gothic '50s high-school comedy about a love-triangle that goes terribly wrong. Two murdered teens return from the grave then go to their prom to get revenge.
'Tie-dye' film study. Psychedelic patterns and colours mix on the various materials then explode onto the retina. The 16mm material perfectly captures the details of the materials.
The Tortoise composed a song and the Lion cub learnt it by heart and they sang it together.
The Biblical story of David and Goliath with a cast of vegetables.
Baby Mammoth is looking for his Mom.
Huckleberry Larry wants to help his new friend Big Jim a huge yellow gourd on the lam. Tomato Sawyer doesn't want to get involved which strains his friendship with Larry.
The world’s favorite cat and mouse celebrate 7 decades of mischief and mayhem
Schoolboy Hinata has a big crush on his classmate Shigure but is too shy to tell her. On the day Shigure is leaving Hinata flies off on the wings of a bird chasing after her to tell how he feels!
A short film based on a Goethe poem
A schoolboy meets all the undone by him homework's heroes in their country.
A reluctant lion king has his paws full trying to save his jungle kingdom in this marvellous animated song-filled classic for the entire family!
Six young filmmakers from  Central and East Europe developed shorts about the theme generation
Swing into action with the greatest jungle adventure of all as spectacular animation and dazzling original songs bring Edgar Rice Burroughs’ timeless fantasy to life.
The classic fictional tale of Little Nell and her grandfather animated by Burbank Films Australia.
A man takes a ride through the afterlife with four rocktacular musicians in this hypnotic and highly stylized short film.  Featuring music by The Sadies
A cupcake escapes a city of sweets and is marooned on an island with vegetables where he learns to reform his destructive ways in this tasty stop-motion from the talented Kirsten Lepore.
A family's idyllic life is interrupted when the father is killed while defending his loved ones from a wild bear.
A cozy house in the forest lives a family of hedgehogs. All of them are good but only one of their children has no thorns instead of them were soft curls.
A look at the mechanized nature of modern times.
Gideon is the amazing story based on one of the greatest biblical heroes of all time -- a cucumber chosen to defend his people against an army of 30000 excessively hairy pickles!
When Dr. Flurry wants to freeze the town of Bumblyburg in fear the problem's too big for LarryBoy alone. Enter The League of Incredible Vegetables!
Three stories of people in distress that interlock.
A new Rookie team has been assigned to complete their training with Stormer and his crew - but someone from Stormer's past is trying to take down the Hero Factory and Stormer himself.
Pooh and his friends work together to rescue Santa's lost reindeer-trainee Holly.
A dog is adopted by a moron and is taken to the store to go shopping.
Anita the duck buys a psychic device at a novelty store in an alternate universe and creates mayhem at a crazy party.
A british short
A family portrait session goes horribly wrong as secrets and jealousy bubble to the surface under the photographer's watchful gaze.
An old man relays his life story to his grandson through a moving piece of music.
A tree a woman and a land: the story of a woman and a tree both of them rooted in a land.
In Ancient Polynesia when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right.
A tiny green bear (the Trickster) tries his best to impress a group of animals with his annoying tricks.
With the Griffins stuck at home during a blackout Peter begins to tell a story which leads to a Star Wars flashback. Acting out scenes from Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope.
A plucky rubber duck is thrown off a cargo ship during a storm and teams up with a pair of tub toy friends on an adventure to find a home.
While the Muppets prepare a tribute to the late Jim Henson they learn about the life and career of the renowned puppeteer/film maker.
8 Disney cartoons from the late '30s and '40s centering on different sports.
A hand-drawn short by animation legend Glen Keane produced at Google's Spotlight Stories series.
A film about a couple moving into their first home.
A  crazy irresistible intense spectacular car chase between police and four unlikely accomplices.
A film about imagination in which the protagonist goes on internal journeys around the world overcoming fears and making new discoveries.
A woman’s face disappearing behind and emerging from a pair of hands. Flashing lights. An empty building full of dark hallways. Designs drawn in the air with light and long-exposure cinematography.
The cut-scenes from Futurama (2003) (VG) edited together to form an episode. Mom attempts to take over the universe and it's up to the Planet Express crew to stop her.
French short film produced by Action Synthèse
An emotional and generational conflict between mother and son in the twenty-first century except for one detail: Mother is none other than death.
A short film by Jiri Barta
It's hunting season as well as Eda's 25th birthday. As a present her father offers her an apartment under seizure.
Charming stop motion nuclear cautionary tale by Estonian animator Elbert Tuganov about a scientist and a little atom who has adventures outside of the lab.
The tiny girl meets a fairy prince who saves her from the creatures of the woods.
Through the eyes of a young girl suffering from mental illness 'Caldera' glimpses into a world of psychosis and explores a world of ambiguous reality and the nature of life and death.
Lovesick Charlie Brown hopes – still – to get a valentine from the Little Red-Haired Girl as does Sally from Linus Lucy from Schroeder and Peppermint Patty from Charlie Brown.
When Ace a cocky young firefighter defies his orders and recklessly puts his team in jeopardy he resigns to the coal mines. Until one day he gets the chance to redeem himself.
The magical tale of a mouse who takes a walk though the woods in search of a nut.
The Small One / Pluto's Christmas Tree / Mickey's Christmas Carol
A persistent trumpeter tries to join the quartet who doesn't want him.
Grandmother Koba has to take care of her grandchild Emma's digital horse farm.
A cartoon about the Battle of Kulikovo Field.
Catching fish on the North Pole can be challenging. Some have more luck than others. The unfortunate ones may totally need a different fishing approach.
Archibald is a creature to whom nothing ever happens until the arrival of a mysterious circle.
A clip-show music video for the album of the same name and vintage. Includes 5 songs from the album (Mousetrap Disco Mickey Mouse Watch Out For Goofy Macho Duck Welcome To Rio).
Due to a mix-up at the doctor's office Fred believes he has only 24 hours left to live.
Animated holiday feature for the entire family destined to become a classic. Based on the beloved poem by Clement C. Moore the story begins on Christmas Eve.
A man is trapped on an island with no food and a greedy companion.
The story of Cupid confronted with a modern Narcissus and living his worst day ever.
A short anime 8 mm film that was produced for the 1981 Daicon III Nihon SF Taikai convention.
An animated history of the conflict between Palestinians and Israelis
Donald's bad luck is put to the test during a trip to Jollyland with Daisy.
A Pop Art extravaganza by Fred Mogubgub from the late-1960s innovative in the use of the quick cut this film is a parade of pop icons of its time. Features a pre-Playboy pre-N. O. W. Gloria Steinem.
A man wakes up in a blue room. He's stuck and he can't escape. A window is his only connection to the outer world. It filters the reality in a very mysterious way.
In this turbulent jungle adventure an outcast coati male has to team up with a quirky spider monkey to save a coati princess from the hands of a human poacher and his mysterious client.
A couple's relationship develops in a combination of photomontage and animation.
A children's fable about the power of advertising the meaning of life and ultimately the test of a mother's love.
As they sit across from one another at a coffee shop table a young couple takes to the tablecloth and journeys through their  own individual worlds to reach each other.
Greatest Heroes and Legends of the Bible: Life With Jesus
The tragic story of a spare tire who struggles to find a new purpose.
The journey of 3-year-old Tomy into the magical clown-world beyond his bedroom-wall and his struggle to come back in one piece.
An oldish Russian cartoon about a little raccoon who needs to prove to his mother he's brave enough to go to the pond to gather herbs at night on his birthday.
An animated version starring the Care Bears of the fairy tale that inspired the famous ballet.
Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3:  Eternal Friends) is the sixth of the Pretty Cure All Stars crossover movie series featuring all current Pretty Cure characters and the last of the New Stage film.
An owl marries a goose. They have off-spring but somehow their habits of life are not compatible.
The story follows the love story of two volcanoes Uku and Lele. It features a song Lava which is written by Murphy and performed by Kuana Torres Kahele and Napua Greig who voice the two volcanoes.
Chuck Amuck: The Movie is a 1991 documentary film about Chuck Jones' career with Warner Bros. centered on his work with Looney Tunes  narrated by Dick Vosburgh.
Bob and his friends have their work cut out to prepare for the town's annual Christmas concert
Orbitas is the story of an impossible love which revolves around a planet at war.
Move adaptation of Cardfight Vanguard.
Tom and Jerry find a dragon egg and help the baby dragon find its mother.
A duty-bound rooster fights ancient stone monsters to defend his witless hens.
Children are lured to Metropolis only to find that the renowned mythical city may not be the happy-go-lucky utopia they'd thought it would be.
A coyote and tortoise race against a desert backdrop.
Strawberry Shortcake is planning a first birthday party for her sister Apple Dumpling so she sets off on an adventure to find the perfect party supplies.
A fantastical tale based on true events about five women of Signe Baumane's family including herself and their battles with depression and madness.
Ubu is a 1978 film made by Geoff Dunbar based on Alfred Jarry's 1896 play Ubu Roi
Join Team GeoTrax on four exciting adventures in GeoTown as the meet new members of the team and learn the importance of working together.
When Pia plays a mysterious vinyl record single she suddenly knows how to travel through her own life.  Made in collaboration with the Netherlands Film Fund Pathé and SNS Reaal Fonds.
In this animated retelling of the Noah's Ark story various unholy activities fill the great ship as the animals discover the darker side of their nature.
Two guys run a cartoon character for President.
A tale about a little fox Vuk from the novel of the famous Hungarian writer István Fekete.
A lonely boy wins over his distant father and strict grandmother with help from a brave velveteen rabbit whose one wish is to become a real rabbit someday
She keeps finding small socks. Now whose feet are feeling cold?
Arale Senbei Gatchan Akane Taro and Peasuke go on a space adventure to save Midori from Dr. Mashirito after tricking her into coming back to her home planet to marry him.
Santabear's High Flying Adventure was a Christmas Special in 1987.
Horton the elephant agrees to watch over lazy Maisie bird's egg while she vacations. Much later after...
Chuck Steel is a maverick renegade lone wolf loose cannon cop on the edge who doesn't play by the rules.
Cartoon short about Quark the troll this time as a dragonslayer by chance.
Tells the beginning of the story of Quark: His birth and how he is thrown out by his parents due to his malicious behaviour.
Quark the troll gets in the business of a horde of vikings.
Quark the troll meets an ugly frog a narcissistic prince and a desperate princess.
Trying to please a group of villagers Quark the troll is troubled by a horde of mosquitoes.
Quark the troll meets Santa Claus and takes him for a ride.
Quark the troll meets a highway robber.
A Walt Disney short film.
About a young painter who arrives at an island made of garbage. He uses the island and its denizens as his canvas and fights to protect the island from forces that threaten it.
a short film by Arnold Arre.
An oddball pair try to find their identity and place in an abstract world.
About the work of the naive painter J. Plaskocinski. A playful tale about the requited love of a shy young man.
Animated photographs (made with Jan Lenica) with elements of animated cartoon. A display of military drill.
Chabon ferries people across the river Styx.
A lonely boy takes a chance on a wish to try and make his dream into a reality.
A man crippled by the mundanity of his life experiences something out of the ordinary.
A short film by Walerian Borowczyk. This first volume looks at the first three letters in Grandma's encyclopaedia: A for 'Automobile' B for 'Ballon' and C for 'Chemin de fer'.
An animated advert made by Walerian Borowczyk for a French pasta company.
A light-hearted animated romp through the alphabet with each letter identified by both a word and a visual interpretation of that word by the crudely-drawn Joachim.
An update of our classic human anatomy.
Feature-length English language translation of the anime series.
The plot is based on a Japanese folk tale.
A short film by Walerian Borowczyk.
A group of animals look for a way off of an eccentric billionaire's own personal Noah's Ark 'n stuff
After the trolls' victory over the Snow Queen Orm claims that he is destined to marry the princess and inherit great power.
Strawberry Shortcake travels to magical Holidayland with Honey Pie Pony searching for the perfect presents to give her friends.
American Pop is an American animated film that film tells the story of four generations of a Russian Jewish immigrant family of musicians whose careers parallel the history of American popular music.
Mickey Donald and Goofy must find creative ways to keep cool on the hottest day of the year.
Morag the Tulga Witch seeks revenge on her old enemy Logray shaman of the Ewoks who holds the magic Sunstar while she possesses it's darker half the Shadowstone.
This movie will feature highlights of the Inter High competition from the first season of the anime.
A tiny and mysterious cat-like creature awakes in the remains of his smouldering spaceship and finds himself on a journey through a beautiful and dangerous world in a quest for answers.
Pikachu and Ash and Misty's other Pokémon play hide-and-seek in a mansion and its gardens.
The Moomins along with Little My and Snorkmaiden had a sea journey that after storms and desert island dangers leads the family to Riviera the place that takes their unity to the test.
This Oscar-winning animated short film tells the story of one man's love life as seen through the eyes of his best friend and dog Winston and revealed bite by bite through the meals they share.
After her forest has disappeared the last remaining Pine together with the help of an adorably sincere and insightful little Bird embarks upon an remarkable journey to try and find her home again.
The story follows a group of young girls in Kyoto who dream of becoming maiko.
One of Joseph Cornell’s funniest films Thimble Theater is structured like a vaudeville variety show about nature.
On the way to Daphne's relatives' condominium the Mystery Inc. gang detours through the town of Winter Hollow where the vengeful Headless Snowman has destroyed the town's Christmas spirit.
An American pilot in the war falls asleep in his plane. His dream mixes up with reality.
Short film called Monsterbox created as an end of studiies project for 3D computer graphics Bachelor Ludovic Gavillet 2012 Bellecour Schools Art &amp  Design Entertainment (bellecour.fr).
Short story looking at the life of cartoon characters facing reality long after the prime of their heyday...
The Pink Panther flies an experimental fighter jet but has trouble controlling it.
4 minute sandanimation about love life &amp  death.
A poor artist accidentally discovers the use of blood to paint his works and now he's on the search for the perfect color.
A story about how a new baby's arrival impacts a family told from the point of view of a delightfully unreliable narrator a wildly imaginative 7 year old named Tim.
A 40-year-old middle-class man who loves his domotics to toe the line will figure out because of a water drop that things you own end up owning you.
An animated comedy short from the 1920s.
Ma Liang's brush makes whatever he paints come alive which makes him the target of a power-hungry general.
A vintage nature film exploring the migratory pattern of a herd of wild creatures.
Strange things happen at Blackford Manor.
Here’s the latest in Nick’s line of SpongeBob SquarePants Specials: the SpongeBob SquarePants Viking-Sized Adventures DVD which features eight HUGE episodes from Season 6.
Jean-Michael Cousteau's documentary about the Great Barrier Reef keeps getting interrupted by Nemo Marlin and Dory.
The first movie will be a compilation of last year's television anime series with new story sequences while the second movie will be an entirely brand-new work.
While on vacation in Brazil Scooby-Doo and the gang encounter a mythical beast at a game of soccer.
A silhouette film
A reformed Lumberjack must embrace the power of Nature in order to defeat an 8-bit Wasp Monster that is destroying his home.
The story of mysterious super heroine Dynamic Venus. Appearing to be an abused housewife in reality she's an alien that feeds on her husband's abuse to fuel her super powers.
Four stories with Monica's Gang famous cartoon made by Mauricio de Sousa Estúdios.
Daily ritual absurd cycle... Every character follows his predecessor... Always... Indefinitely...
New stuff is good stuff and old stuff is bad stuff so good stuff becomes bad stuff when new stuff becomes old stuff.
fractal art
An essay in colour harmonics and visual overtones. Conceived and produced as part of the Images Film Festival's Minute Movies.
When a couple of burglars make off with their family's presents and decorations the Three Dogateers set off on a journey to sniff out the bad guys and save Christmas!
A special yuletide collection of classic moments with Mickey Mouse Donald Duck Goofy Chip 'n' Dale Cruella De Vil and many other Disney favourites.
Human fate is in the hands of a Rock Giant - literally.
Dragon Ball Z: Atsumare! Goku's World is a Terebikko's videogame. In this OVA Goku and his friends pose questions for the viewers about the Dragon Ball series.
Vocal calisthenics and an ultra stunning example of the art of synchronisation.
Experimental animated short winner of the Diploma D'Excellence Festival D'International Cinema Montreal. Original electronic score by Suzanne Ciani.
Superman wants Batman to join his new superhero team but Batman prides himself on being a self-sufficient loner.
Mr. Bliss is a tale of a man who set out to buy a motor-car and of what followed afterwards. Based on a children story by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Rudolph must find Happy the baby new year before the midnight of New Year's Eve.
A young surfer rallies his friends to stop a billionaire from rewriting history as a way to horde Helium 3 the clean energy of the future.
Scooby and the gang are attending a concert at Vampire Rock Australia when the Yowie Yahoo vampire starts kidnapping the musicians.
An animated government/science style public service film circa 1981 for surviving life in Australia after Nuclear War.
In this animated spin on the noir genre A man's obsession with key lime pie brings him to the brink of insanity and a chance encounter with the grim reaper.
A naïve young girl accidentally modifies her brother's secret superhero uniform and becomes the unwilling superheroine Moldiver.
A competitive game of one-upsmanship between two men one small and one tall.
An animated adaptation of Poe's famous short story.
A figure wanders through a world of endless stairs seeking purpose to his monotonous existence.
Parable of the Lost (or: Prodigal) Son by Lotte Reiniger.
Hulking monster men beat the crap out of each other
Four separate individuals at the dawn of wireless technology unknowingly become accidental collaborators of a musical composition that is pieced together through radio waves.
A collection of character profiles of the racers from Planes including: Dusty Crophopper El Chupacabra Ishani and Ripslinger.
Budak Lapok is a 2007 animated film in Malaysia. This film is based on the P. Ramlee film Bujang Lapok. The film premiered on 13 October 2007.
A love potion works its devious charms on fairies elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves.
An intense short movie showing a turbulent marriage. The wife is always smiling. The man gets angry time and again.
A little girl is contacted by a mysterious woman.
All of the shorts feature Mickey Mouse: Mickey's Circus (1936) Mickey's Garden (1935) The Little Whirlwind (1941) On Ice (1935) Hawaiian Holiday (1937) Moving Day (1936) Orphan's Picnic (1936)
A young boy named Nicholas is about to become the next Santa Claus but must first avoid a crisis that's threatening the magic of Christmas before he can succeed in his new role.
A 2014 National Film Board of Canada animated/live action documentary directed by Luc Chamberland about the Canadian cartoonist Seth.
An underground cartoonist contends with life in the inner city where various unsavory characters serve as inspiration for his artwork.
A 5 minute animation on the nature of addiction.
An injured duckling attempts to survive the cold winter.
A Soviet Armenian animation from the glasnost era about cosmonauts invading a serene planet where they pay a price for their cruel actions.
One-hour animated special surrounding a surly deli owner Murray Weiner who is forced to step into Santa's shoes for one Christmas and bumbles his way into doing a great job.
When Santa receives Hans' letter too late to deliver him a toy Santa and the Tooth Fairies join forces to finish Hans' present before midnight strikes.
A family of gnomes preparing for the wedding of their oldest son must engage in a battle of wits with an enemy family of vicious trolls.
A short film where Oswald the Lucky Rabbit climbs a mountain to get to his love Ortensia.
A lost soul stumbles drunken through the city. In a park Death finds him and shows him many things.
A surreal film by shorts legend animator Bill Plympton about a quest to find a mysterious monster.
This is the story of a Chinese hacking the American capitalist system a Czech fight chickens doomsday.
A dive in a fantasized human landscape who by going through several scenes along a production line compose a strange industrial painting.
A short animatnflm
A short film about elephant poaching.
Kon Ichikawa’s directorial debut. A puppet version of a well-known kabuki play which was confiscated by occupying US forces for being excessively traditional. (MUBI)
Passing all four seasons for a day she is on her way back. And then she falls into a peaceful sleep with a cozy feeling that doesn't exist anywhere.
The WWE comes to town in the new animated film teaming the Flintstones with Bedrock-ready versions of John Cena Daniel Bryan and more.
Five brief vignettes each described as a 'story'.
Mutant Aliens is a wildly humorous yet poignant story about an astronaut his daughter and 5 violent yet sympathetic alien creatures who seek revenge against a space industry baron.
A wonderful animated version of the First Christmas. Filled with prophets wise men warriors kings and messengers.
Slow disintegration and aging of artists head revealing underlying bone structure. Created using old picture-phone technology. New music added in 2013.
Window shopping children watch as toy soldiers come to life and fight a war with all its unvarnished ferocity and horror.
A dog taking a poo on the sidewalk leads to an unprecedented chain of events.
A marzipan couple try to make the marriage perfect on top of a wedding cake.
An environmental morality tale. A divine gate gives one all that one desires on the condition that one takes only what one needs and one gives something good in return.
A delicatessen wizard creates a delicious-looking sandwich from some unusual ingredients.
Koji Morimato’s animated science fiction short story about how the boarder between reality and illusion on a space station become blurry.
This short film commissioned by Harvard University illustrates the elegant mechanisms by which a white blood cell responds to a stimulus.
Prequel to 2004 coming-of-age live-action film Hana &amp  Alice.
The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series.
A surrealistic montage set in motion by a tidal wave and incorporating a samurai battle.
Alma a little girl skips through the snow covered streets of a small town. Her attention is caught by a strange doll in an antique toy shop window. Fascinated Alma decides to enter.
As a hurricane threatens Grandpa Lou tells the story of Noah's Ark.
The film is about Little Vuk the son of the legendary fox who proves its excellent mind and courage.
Krazy Kat is babysitting. The obnoxious whippersnapper can not be consoled and expresses his wish for Santa Claus. Krazy Kat decides to go to the North Pole to find him.
Still cartoons and animation in a newsreel format.
Once a little African boy got a letter. In the letter he found a snowflake made of paper.
This surreal animated short depicts an impossible synchronized dive.
A couple of well-meaning day-trippers miss all the animal activity that takes place right under their noses in an idyllic forest clearing.
An independent little cloud finally finds a use for all the rain that he’s been carrying around. But even with the best of intentions strange things can happen…
In the calm of the jungle an unusual noise scares the animals who panic one after the other   as the rumour spreads their behaviour becomes increasingly irrational.
A house uproots herself and goes on an adventure with other kinds of houses.
A disturbingly organic-looking figure speaks to us of life politics and death as the symbol of the common man toils away. Written and narrated by William S. Burroughs.
The happy tranquility of Buggsville is shattered when the populace learns that a colossal skyscraper is to be built over their tiny town.
A short animation without dialogue by Keiichi Tanaami.
Short Babadook-oriented film.
Max is too rushed to do a thorough job of drawing Koko this morning. Max is going fishing. However to amuse the clown he draws a fishing pole and a pond before he goes.
What would happen if there existed a magic egg which could perform one fondest wish?
A group of indians are dancing in boogie-woogie style. Immeadiatly comes the rain but the indians are still singing.
Kitarō a ghost spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity. A retelling of episodes 5-6 from the 1968 TV anime.
A story about a mouse and his hat.
When the sun goes down on Jon Klassen's forest the hunt is on.
A man is hired to compile the definitive history of human existence before the planet is blown up by aliens.
Three robbers pilfer from the countryside until they are charmed by a young orphan girl.
A family must use a magical box of Animal Crackers to save a rundown circus from being taken over by their evil uncle Horatio P. Huntington.
Alvin and his brothers Simon and Theodore have a fun filled Easter adventure
A ballerina boards a ship.
Venice Film Festival 1936
When Earth is invaded by an alien army of horrors a giant robot named Gaiking is constructed to defend the Earth.
A race of aliens living on a floating island prepares to hunt the giant Skywhales whose origins are slowly unveiled.
A young boy imagines his mother to be an airplane who travels to exotic lands.
Magoo's at a Rutgers alumni dance and winds up squaring off with a pro wrestler at the arena across the alley thinking he's dancing with the wife of an old friend.
The narrator tells of the three sides of health represented by a triangle with the physical side at the bottom the mental side on the left and the social side-the subject of this film-on the right.
Dipper tries her hand at internet dating.
The Smokejumpers handle another mission in the park.
The head monk orders a young acolyte to guard a beautiful cherry tree in the monastery garden while he goes out. But the older man underestimates his colleague’s fondness for sake.
Conan tries to track down Kaito Kid who supposedly steals a replica of one of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings during an auction.
All the children have two eyes a nose a mouth two ears and ten fingers or not'? Allegra is going to discover that there are all kinds of children.
Bambi is nibbling the grass unaware of the upcoming encounter with Godzilla. Who will win when they finally meet?
Charlie's doctor claims that Charlie is nervous and suggests that he gets a pet fish to calm him down.
The kitchen sink is clogged and Bessie insists that Charlie call a plumber to fix it. However Charlie refuses to...
Not wanting to pay the professional Charlie decides to fix the hot water tank himself. However he ended up making the tank worse.
In order to save money on golf lessons Charlie Beary tries to teach his wife Bessie how to play the game.
On a rainy afternoon exasperated Bessie is fed up with getting soaked opening and closing the garage door.
Charlie Beary tries to chase a gopher from his yard.
Bessie is doing the dishes when a mouse makes his presence known in the kitchen. She calls for an exterminator.
An exhausted Charlie returns from work hoping to get some rest. However Bessie informs him that their children.
In a big city penthouse atop a skyscraper a big society party is in progress.
It's the first day of tourist season at Peachstone National Park and Ranger Willoughby is told by his superior to keep things ship-shape.
Tourist season is over and Ranger Willoughby closes the park for the winter telling the bears they will have to forage for themselves from now on.
Doc and Champ run a travelling store a wagon of goods which they pull into an Indian reservation Scalpum Village.
A Cartune short featuring Punchy.
Cartune cartoon set in a country fair.
Wally Walrus is the conductor at a local schoolhouse who conducts the entire school band to the tune of Morning Noon and Night in Vienna.
The story of John a show biz dog and his partner/fiancee Mary. We see him about to jump off a bridge when he stops and explains why he is doing it.
Sam and Maggie are on their merry way to a costume party and Sam is wearing a Rooster costume. They run out of gas on the way and Sam hikes off looking for a gas station.
After Charlie Bessie and Junior fall victim to a loose board in the front steps he tells Junior to fix and paint the steps.
Nothing goes right for Charlie. First his golf game is rained out then the TV won't start then Junior is too busy to play.
Charlie Beary furiously plowing through a mountain of bills vows that he's going to cut expenses.
Strawberry Shortcake and her favorite gal pals learn that it's okay to ask for help sometimes and also to say no. And the girls form a new band and may or may not go on tour.
The story of three children who find themselves with a friendly monster that grows at an alarming rate.
Animation based on Daniel Defoe's novel
A slick movie director tricks a hayseed horse into becoming a stunt double.
Woody takes a trip to an arboretum where all birds are welcome... except woodpeckers.
Instead of fishing for salmon in the stream Windy the bear tries to show his son Breezy a shortcut method...by looting a cannery. The guard makes this a difficult task.
Combines the episodes Monkey Fist Strikes Monkey Ninjas in Space The Full Monkey and Gorilla Fist.
Japanese cat vs. mouse animation.
Private 2nd Class Norakuro is having the training for recruits but makes so many mistakes.
Norakuro is now a corporal. On his day off-duty he goes to eat chicken on the stick. On his way home he falls into a slumber and dreams of fighting with the Monkey Corps his enemy.
Very early animated short from Japan featuring a cast of anthropomorphic animals.
Animated short from Japan.
A short morality/folktale film about an old couple that learn the virtue of not being greedy.
Selling lemonade to earn money for new books Tad Lily Leap and friends use their counting addition and subtraction skills every step of the way.
A parking lot attendant loses his temper when his working place is invaded by a blade of grass. A furious battle ensues.
Tensai Okamura’s animated action packed short story with lots of humorous elements in which a person transforms into a weapon of mass destruction without themselves being aware.
A nineteen year old finds himself alone in a hostile desert scared as hell and trained to react.
An Inuit child wanders away from his village fascinated by a wild bird. His father follow his trail determined to find him before he gets lost on the ice floe...
In a distant galaxy Neuronia controls the minds of the inhabitants until one of them escapes with the sphere.
Young Vincent Malloy dreams of being just like Vincent Price and loses himself in macabre daydreams which annoys his mother.
A SHORT FILM ABOUT MEMORY EMIGRATION LONGING JESUS KITSCH COCKTAIL SAUSAGES AND CHILDREN’S TELEVISION
A little train is always late.
Horse ponders his loneliness.
Damian Wayne is having a hard time coping with his father's no killing rule. Meanwhile Gotham is going through hell with threats such as the insane Dollmaker and the secretive Court of Owls.
Max and Sally the heroes of popular Czech animated series are leaving the TV in order to become a regular boy and girl.
New-Port City has a problem with crime and in order to combat this the mayor orders the creation of a new police unit: THE TANK POLICE!
Oswald goes big game hunting in Africa.
An outrageous affectionate look at coming of age in the Eisenhower era in Brooklyn.
Spark a teenage monkey and his friends Chunk and Vix are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong.
A Walter Lantz Andy Panda cartoon released December 21 1942.
A Walter Lantz Andy Panda cartoon released June 28 1943.
Expand your mind with 60 minutes of sensory overload cyberdelia combines extended sections of techno and ambient techno to give the ultimate video experience.
In an alternate universe very different versions of DC's Trinity fight against the government after they are framed for an embassy bombing.
Oswald plays the hockey champ but gets distracted and flirts with a beautiful snow bunny.
A young single mother struggles to balance her old life of freedom with her new one as mom. It all comes to a head during one particular nap-time when Bridgette invites an old friend over for a visit.
A  pen colored pencils ...
A story about a little girl waits for her parent in kindergarden from Teheran.
Several sketches about surrealism animation
Bilembambudin is the story of Aldana an eight years old girl. Running away from the opera Aldana follows Jeremías an old wizard who guides her to the magic kingdom.
The whole universe of characters Maximov showing in this case the skills and talents they possess in their snouts.
A surprising western starring ... penises.
Transformations in the human world and its evolution.
A fugitive rehabilitates a young genius at the cusp of a technological breakthrough while evading the cross-hair of the world's greatest superpower.
An animated pixie named Coily grants a man his wish that all springs disappear… a wish that he soon regrets.
Four bored ghosts in a haunted house who've scared everyone away call up Ghost Hunters Mickey Donald and Goofy in hopes to have a little fun scaring them off.
Brave Rabbit 2 Crazy Circus (Chinese: 闯堂兔2疯狂马戏团) is a 2015 Chinese animated children's adventure comedy film directed by Zeng Xianlin. It was released on January 1.[1]
Wirt and Gregory are brothers who get tired of walking so they borrow a car from a romantic songster made of vegetables.
Gru's long lost twin (Dru) will emerge and there will be a theme of sibling rivalry.
Mr. Prokouk finds a horseshoe that does bring him nothing but bad luck.
The animated video is an awarded animation directed by David Shrigley and the group Shynola and included in Good Song DVD of English alternative rock band Blur.
A guy keeps getting painfully rejected (bodily harm) when he asks girls out.
A balloon wraps itself around a young child's hand bringing him higher and higher much to the child's delight... but...
A series of dark and troubling events forces Bill to reckon with the meaning of his life - or lack thereof.
A hapless cartoon character is dragged through a spectrum of cinematic situations by his frustrated animator
Dark shadows are cast over Bill's recovery in this second chapter to Everything will be OK.
Lily and Jim are interviewed about their disastrous blind date.
An animator's commissioned works rejected because of their increasingly absurd and violent tone (reflecting the animator's own progressive breakdown)
Evolution on Earth over the course of a billion years.
Sam a shy young man finds himself in a slow-motion world. Trying to restore the time he fails. The  circumstances bring him to rescue his coworkers and Nathalie the girl he secretly loves.
An animated animal couple tries to resolve their problems.
Haru returns home in denial after a tsunami where he must learn to deal with his loss through an encounter with a magical see Spirit.
An old man lives a lonely life under the dark shadows of industrial smog. One day he receives a mysterious package which gives him the ability to change his environment.
An animated film about hope and loss. A cat and his two humans Sam and Evan struggle to survive a flooded world where the past still haunts them.
Red makes the mistake of betting his 'M' on a roulette table so he teams up with Yellow to find it - in an otherworld of lost items.
A snow hut in the middle of the rice paddy. Now let's see what to do in the space full of whiteness and quietness until the Spring comes. Until the snow hut melted and lose shape.
William Shakespeare's classic play A Midsummer Night's Dream is brought to life with puppets.
Set high above the clouds two lovers must overcome an attack and fight for their lives to defend their airship which is also their new home.
On Anna's birthday Elsa and Kristoff are determined to give her the best celebration ever but Elsa's icy powers may put more than just the party at risk.
A japanese Doraemon film featuring Doraemon's sister Dorami-chan as the star.
Shortfilm from the Mr. Prokouk series. Mr. Prokouk wants to be a filmmaker but the making of a film has more complications than he expected.
A struggling medical student gets way more than he bargained for when his new roommate moves in. Can they find a way to share their living space … when one of them is a zombie!?
A farmer finds out that a wolf's bite has turned him into a voracious beast. Worse still his only son seems to have swapped brains with one of his sheep.
A hand drawn animation short about a man struggling to save his dog in a futuristic metropolis.
In a world where people are easily indoctrinated by speech a reporter wants to know what people think about the actual political situation?
The Shutterbug Man tells the tale of a very twisted man whose only passion in life is taking pictures. This passion takes him to terrible and wicked places.
Kevin a small town business owner uses his best friend and bodyguard to solve his issues in this animated comedy.
Two slackers try to make a paycheck working an intergalactic warship.
The quiet life of a terrier named Max is upended when his owner takes in Duke a stray whom Max instantly dislikes.
When a lone samurai sets his course towards the Path of Blood unknown dangers and terror awaits. Will his great swordsmanship be enough to survive?
Sambatown is a story about three characters trapped in a love triangle. The film takes place somewhere in the african-americas mixing the santeria elements to the carnivals from the old-times.
A Mel-O-Toons production
Albert and his best friend Jonas are orphans. They live in the future in a harsh dystopia where the women and children are all dead. The men have begun to change in their yearning for a woman.
About a peaceful poetry-loving dragon and St. George the dragon-slayer who is engaged by the villagers to kill him. Together with the help of the dragon's friend they stage a rousing fake battle.
John Carradine narrates the Washington Irving story of Ichabod Crane and the Headless Horseman.
An animated anthology of 5 stories adapted from Edgar Allan Poe.
A band of sleepy spirits in an ambulance runs out of road. The third in a series of musical short films featuring Thee Wreckers.
Two cosmonauts two friends try to do their best in their everyday training life to make their common dream a reality. But this story is not only about the dream.
When inventor/efficiency expert Alexander Graham Wolf plots to take over Santa's workshop Comet asks for help from Raggedy Ann Andy and their dog Raggedy Arthur.
The encounter can never happen between a man in the past (tense) and a girl in the present (tense) in the garden of times.
Short experimental animation by István Orosz.
Alice is in a bullfight where she thinks she will win since she is matched against a peaceful bull. But the tables are turned when her bull is switched with one with a worse temper.
An animated remake of the 1974 children's movie Shan shan de hong xing
A PBS documentary from around 1982 about San Francisco bay area animators. It features Marcy Page Jeff Hale Sally Cruikshank Bud Luckey Rudy Zamora John Korty Vince Collins Drew Takahashi
The nice town of Kellyville is too small to accomodate the world's worst scoundrels Albert and Egon who decides to go out in the world.
A short animated film made specially for the Blu-ray release of Mr Popper's Penguins.
Otomo Katsuhiro’s short anime story
Recap of episodes 14-25.
An old man and his grand daughter rescue an injured young deer and they develop a close relationship with it.
In this second short film in the Birdland series two birds escape and fly away to the rainbow. The story is set to the sound of Over the Rainbow played by legendary jazz pianist Art Tatum.
Barney lives alone with his father in a tiny house in the suburbs. He tries to live a normal life  If Barney is different. His gravity is inverted.
Eight young girls with the help of a rogue Vampire and a coven of Witches do battle with a horde of flesh eating Zombies.
The movie adaptation announced at the end of the final episode of Date A Live II.
Story about a young girl Maddie her brother and their explorer parents who travel the world looking for rare plants and animals. When Maddie tries to find a lizard they discover Furby Island.
When a sleigh bell mysteriously falls from the sky pure-hearted Princess Crystal is determined to prove it came from one of Santa's reindeer.
When the government develops a bio-engineered cyborg named Dragon as a secret weapon a failure in gene manipulation turns the creature into a sex-crazed monster!
Early short film by Zbig Rybczyński.
'Fibers' is an abstract experimentation with fiber arts VFX and modern dance concerning a self inflicted emotional journey based on fear.
Things have an interesting turn in a society consisting of snail-eating identical chubby men.
Is the 26th Pikachu short of the Pokémon anime. It debuted alongside Pokémon the Movie: Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction. It became available to watch through Pokémon TV on February 02 2015.
After being created by a dog Doggy Poo meets various living and inanimate things. No one wants to be his friend and Doggy Poo becomes sad as he tries to find his purpose.
A cat fishing without a permit gets its just desserts.
An aging former super spy struggles to find his place in a self absorbed world without boarders where service to one's nation is an antiquated concept.
A story of unrequited love between an old man who wants a friend and a squirrel who wants a sandwich.
A stop-motion mockumentary about an actor with a hunchback and his struggle against typecasting.
After a month of violent adventures in the wilderness Great Daena finally encounters a worthy adversary. This encounter may be the first step toward her undoing.
A lonely woman struggles to reconcile her relationship with a man and the talking fruits vegetables and evil ham that occupy her house.
All is peaceful in the lovely land of RARG that is until an old professor &amp  a tiny baby make an alarming discovery about the nature of dreams...
A small town a growing knot and a girl searching for her identity.
Experimental short film.
An ostrich is trying to learn how to fly in a dessert.
Five humorous sketches about war.
An allegory of the hopeless relationship between a prisoner and his jailer representing the dependence of mankind upon authoritarianism.
Argentina 1983 the dictatorship comes to an end in the country but not in this woman's life.
The second part of a two-part movie. The story takes place one year after the TV series.
When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events.
Pikachu and the gang learn responsibility teamwork as well as cooperation during their Summer vacation at Pokemon Island.
A young modern woman goes to church and all hell breaks loose.
Nora is on vacation in a Holiday Inn space station. When the artificial gravity fails the whole space resort becomes chaotic but she helps solve the problem.
In the not so distant future a group of heroic robots known as The Seer Squad embark on an epic journey to save their sacred planet from evil space invaders.
An anthology of various tales told in various styles with robots being the one common element among them.
Speedy comes to the aid of a group of mice trying to get the cheese from a factory guarded by Sylvester.
A dark tale of love and dismemberment.
Four types of visual interpretation of four songs by Karol Szymanowski. Polish words by Julian Tuwin English translation by Jan Sliwinski.
The kitten from Yasuji Mori's earlier Koneko no Rakugai returns this time putting his talents toward directing a samurai film starring his mouse friends.
The residents of a building have found novel ways to enter and exit as their front door is broken. However once the door is repaired they continue to avoid the door.
The story of a young prince and young princess from opposing tribes as they struggle to deal with their lives and the hardship brought on by their position in their respective families.
Animated short by Wolfgang Urchs.
A young mouse mole and hedgehog risk their lives to find a cure for their badger friend who's been poisoned by men.
Tensions build to an explosive breaking point for a group of automobile drivers in the big city in this quirky animated short.
A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition.
Another Boonie Bears movie.
Word &amp  number gag no camera.
On his way inland Dr. Dolittle and his animals encounter a nasty surprise. Natives capture them and hold them under lock and key.
Film time takes on book time. An homage to a Bette J. Davis' illustrated text itself an homage to the small music makers of the insect world.
Conceived in 1922 conceptual design published in De Stijl Nr. 5 (1923) but not realised until 1959.
Haunted by a terrifying spirit out of her graphic novel a young artist struggles to overcome her psychosis before it destroys her.
Set in the same world as Archon Defender this film follows the quest of a young woman Desmerelle as she confronts Lorem to free her twin sister Phaetra from the machine.
Two best friends set out to rescue their pal after he's accidentally dragged to hell.
A jaded nobleman voraciously feeds off the spiritual energy of planet Earth endangering the very fabric of space and time.
Animated short film by Phil Mulloy.
Animated short film by Phil Mulloy.
A fireman encounters more than he bargained for when rescuing a fiery temptress. Almas Em Chamas is a hot love story told through boldly drawn characters.
A collection of surreal animation shorts from the french art collective Le Dernier Cri.
Denmarks best loved girl in a new movie
12th Musical of the Sailor Moon Musical series.  Loosely based on Sailor Stars. Galaxia revives Queen Beryl.
The dialogue-less film follows the major life stages of a castaway on a deserted tropical island populated by turtles crabs and birds.
The Ghost crew and their allies face Darth Vader for the first time and Ahsoka Tano discovers the true identity of Darth Vader.
Set after Shohoku's loss to Kainan and during a practice match against Ryokufu High.
Tells that Rukawa's middle school kouhai Ichiro Mizusawa will be paralyzed soon and wishes to have one last game against Rukawa.
A child founds a strange ball.
As children returned  fallen star to the sky.
The story of dating love marriage and family life as shown by two ropes.
A UFO transports three children back to the prehistoric.
Short Russian animated film. The boy comes to the hunting shop considers trophies and imagines that he is in the African savannah.
Handa puts seven delicious fruits in a basket for her friend Akeyo. Which fruit will Akeyo like best she wonders. After a long walk to the next village the answer turns out to be a big surprise!
Little Bear can't sleep. He's frightened of the dark even with the Biggest Lantern of Them All at his bedside. But Big Bear finds an ingenious way to reassure him...
A painted animated Biopic about world-renowned artist Vincent van Gogh.
Story based on an ancient Gypsy Proverbs which talked about how the thirst for gold wealth deprived Gypsy birds their true form and turned into a wandering people.
Breath governs life and is also the sign of changed in emotion.
The  story of a young woman courted by numerous suitors which she turned down to eventually choose an unexpected fiancé
A giant triying in vain to kill little David
France asleep in the nineteenth century governed by steam and Napoleon VI where scientists vanish mysteriously a girl Avril goes in search of her missing scientist parents.
Innovative and enchanting adaptation of this well-loved children's story.
A comet bearing a deadly Pokemon creature crash-lands onto Earth terrorising a nearby high-tech city where Ash Pikachu and friends are currently visiting...
As the unemployed Frank is sinking into depression his son's naive but optimistic twist on the situation could be Frank's way out.
BAFTA Winner JoJo in the Stars is a story of love self-sacrifice and jealousy played out against a black and white world that is both nightmarish and hauntingly beautiful.
John goes through the same monotonous office routines to get his desired promotion until unexpected events force him to open his eyes to something greater.
Various fables of human conflict and redemption stimulating the imagination through magic mysticism and humour.
Little Bo Peep has slaughtered her sheep and doesn't know where to hide them.
Like many youngsters Cindy believed there was something ominous lurking within her closet. Unfortunately she was right.
This is a short film about a man a dog and a duck who enjoy bouncing together.
Tim has a romantic date to watch the start of the Tour the France in Utrecht with his girl. But he ends up at the wrong side of the barriers and has to find a way to get to her.
In one single shot Obras offers a poetic journey through time and space exploring Barcelona's wild irreversible destruction.
Boo-Boo gets fed up with the rules imposed on bears by humans and decides to return to his “wild” roots.
Animated short based on the fairy tale by Selma Lagerlöf.
Hugo's mother is back home. The day after when Hugo wakes up he finds black feathers all over his house.
Set in 1879 Paris. An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris where she passes for someone else and accedes to the position of pupil at the Grand Opera house.
The Dirdy Birdy Redux is a story about a dysfunctional relationship between a cat and a bird.
A really sweet short film about our lives and the memories we make. Some are good some are bad and some stay with us like unwanted baggage. Wonderfully animated with a lovely soundtrack.
Two pinnipeds see their rest interrupted.
A charming animated short film that brings to life the cutting edge research that is happening at the Ben Towne Center for Childhood Cancer Research.
When I Grow Up follows the imagination of a young boy's dreams for his future.
The fifteenth Crayon Shin-chan movie.
The flower fairies help a little girl named Mary to thwart germs.
The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to render modern technology useless and take over Gotham City by Solomon Grundy Silver Banshee Clayface and Scarecrow.
A fiery dog with magic powers burst into an ordered urban universe and disrupts its perfect machinery.
A short animated film based on Edwin Abbott's 1884 satirical novella Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions.
A short animation in which characters from 39 paintings in the Frans Hals Museum move from one artwork to the next.
A young boy travels to Mars to try and save the last of the planets water and the three mermaids who live there from a love struck Martian bent on destruction.
Mr. Felix is an inventor. The visit of a millionaire to place an order disrupts Mr. Felix's cozy everyday life.
Internet TV pioneer Josh Harris' 1993 premonition of the Singularity.
Escaping from her daily routine a girl gets into an imaginary city of her dreams - Seoul.
As Goku investigates the destruction of the Southern Galaxy Vegeta is taken to be King of the New Planet Vegeta and to destroy the Legenday Super Saiyan Brolly.
A group of convicts slowly drag their balls and chains through a desolate landscape. One of them discovers a strange structure and decides to climb it.
When his Granny comes down with a mysterious ailment Franklin and his friends must search for the treasure of Turtle Lake. This is said to be a talisman that can cure the illness.
Funshine Bear travels to Joke-a-lot where the people there crown him king.
The song of the sirens sitting on the rocks attracts to her kingdom sailors from beyond: Greeks Vikings Pirates ...
Games and precautions in winter from the perspective of a child.
A girl and the peculiar interaction with her doll.
Stop-motion animation. A comet is hurtling towards Earth. Moomintroll and friends travel to a mountaintop observatory to investigate.
Some children are swinging in a tree but realize that they are causing suffering to that tree.
The musical pig in quest for a friend. It eventually finds one but at what cost...
A girl goes to buy bread...
A colorful collage with a subtle ecology theme made largely from footage from trial runs of programs used for many of the other films.
In a white lace universe three inventors create machine which are both pretty and useful. Unfortunately people do not understand them...
In the vastness of space there's a a small speck of rock inhabited by the most peculiar lifeforms: Dark little dots that start to replicate fast and begin to show signs of intelligence.
Tezuka Osamu's tale of a genetically engineered pink American Mountain-lion named Bagi and the friendship she develops with Ryo a lonesome bike gang member.
Shape shifting animal and geometric forms stun in this piece with music and sound by Aimar Molero. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film
The contestants are also the suspects in the game show Whodunnit??. In this week's show we have to find out who killed the family dog Buttercup before the murderer strikes again.
A boy meets a girl a girl meets a boy. Or is it something completely different?
A man plans to eat his lunch in the park but the local pigeons have other ideas.
Full breath ahead into the final sleep. A lullaby with closed eyes for a silent decline.
A wild freewheeling spoof on motorcycle gangs in which tough-looking cyclists who roam the highways on invisible bikes leaving visible tire tracks pick up a girl hitchhiker encounter another gang.
CAS'L' is a 45-minute stop-motion clay animated film by Bruce Bickford.
This animated short was made in 2005 but eventually was turned into a full length movie in 2014 called The Nut Job by Toonbox Entertainment.
A tale of the sun moon and two characters who inhabit a world that relies on day and night perhaps more than it would seem.
Experimental computer animation from pioneering artist Ed Emshwiller.
Extended editing techniques based on Land’s experiments affect the viewer’s sensory perceptions.
Princess Froglegs goes undercover to compete in her father's Froglympics in order to avoid being married off to a male suitor.
A love story about two sheets of paper that magically transform into paper people as they are spit out of a malfunctioning printer into a recycling bin
Junyer Bear has a number of surprises for Good Ol' Pa on Good Ol' Father's Day whether he wants them or not.
The second movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
First Haikyuu!! recap movie.
Second Haikyuu!! recap movie.
Fourth episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito.
Third episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito.
Two of the models of Toulouse Lautrec take a happy break from their posing.
A knight braves various dangers in order to rescue a damsel in distress.
A spoof of movie promotional trailers.
Short animation from the early 1970s made in attempt to stop movie theater patrons from subscribing to pay TV.
U. S. International Communication Agency (formerly known as the Information Agency) grant project - an attempt to liven up the otherwise banal and uneventful Bicentennial celebration.
The story is about a guy that enlist in the army and brings a friend - the frog Krek. This is not liked by the sergeant who does everything in his power to get rid of it...
The story of a teenage biker nicknamed Bobby who doesn't want to study so he starts working trying to make his own way in life...
An extroverted mouse wants to play. 'Myszochujek' a playful film about control was made in 1957 by Polish director Kristof Babaski. The Polish Film Club have restored it and released it in HD.
Based on Elizabeth Swados’ picture book of the same name this animated short film charts one woman's struggle with depression.
Giant apples appear in a city and when people eats them new apples start to grow from their heads.
Second animation about Gena and Cheburashka.
In the wild Sonoran desert the greatest criminal of the Far-West suffers the wrath of a four years old child after stealing her ice cream cone.
Joe Beck has lost the love of his life thanks to a Pixie's Curse and he now needs to figure out how to get his girl back learn more about the mysterious Pixies and undo a bad deed he did long ago.
BEAUTY is a short story of the most important emotions of life from birth to death love and sexuality through pain and fear. It is a tribute to art and his disarming beauty.
A sociopolitical metaphor of the world as a formal dinner that takes an unexpected turn when there's no more food to be served.
Lola Bunny invents a perfume with the adverse effect of turning people invisible sending her and cab driver Bugs Bunny on the run from the FBI while another shady group seeks the formula.
For the first time in front of a camera Ayunanda Fahaki introduce his whole body in a blender and ensures due out alive after turning it on.
A humorous story about a rooster who sang at the time he wanted.
Bout: 1. A short period of intense activity.  2. An attack of illness or strong emotion.  3. A wrestling or boxing match.
Julius goes rabbit hunting while Alice goes bear hunting. Alice and her cat learn at their own expense that one shouldn't bother animals whether those be rabbits or bears.
Everybody is excited to see the arrival of spring. This film tries to depict the excitement spring brings.
Colors and bubbles bustle energetically via oil ink and clear acetate.
Discordant dysfunction down to the nitty griddy.
Rough reflection on the cycle of abuse and violence
An undercover cop in a not-too-distant future becomes involved with a dangerous new drug and begins to lose his own identity as a result.
A multi-dimensional interface between a comic book artist a novelist and a film director. Each lives in a separate reality but authors a story about one of the others.
A small being transported water to the sound of the very famous song 'Take Five' by The Dave Brubeck Quartet.
Bosko is a construction worker who impresses Honey by making music from everything in sight including a decapitated mouse a typewriter and a goat filled with hot air.
The cats of two feuding hillbilly families make for a Romeo and Julliet love affair. the gun play mounts in fury until they realize the two have kittens and quarrel ends.
A Terrytoons cartoon released 28 July 1940.
In a digital world can analogue find true love? It is the wise old gramaphone who has the answers for a lovesick loner.
A story about spirits and playing with the supernatural.
Two nutty little gnome-like men that look exactly alike meet in the woods and proceed to hunt and fish and even attempt a duel with clumsy incompetence.
This is a film that was a picture. What’s the difference? Photography takes time away film adds time.
A Terrytoons cartoon released 7 January 1944.
As was his usual pattern Gandy Goose is sleeping. This time he dreams of the story of the princess and the frog and how the frog later turned into a prince into a prince and married the princess.
Terrytoons animated short with voice of Jo Miller as Red and Grandma.
Some happy mice are listening to an old radio program that features their hero Mighty Mouse!
A colony of rabbits (and their newborns) is terrorized by a wake of marauding vultures (who fly around like bad enemy Second World War airplanes- even though they are supposed be an Indian tribe).
A Terrytoons cartoon released 29 June 1945.
A Terrytoons cartoon released 19 October 1945. Gandy Goose and Sourpuss are flown in to hunt big game. The two have something else in mind. They can't get out of there fast enough!
A Terrytoons cartoon released 9 November 1945.
Anton may be done with life but life ain’t done with Anton. In his convincing decision to change his measly existence he discovers the real greatness of life.
Two men in chairs by the open hearth  photos move in front of their heads.
Two women and a man test poor sound equipment by shouting test one two into the orange microphone increasingly loud and aggressive.
Hundreds of royalty-free clip art images of people are organized by their form and then animated. The result is a spectacular morphing portrait of human culture and stereotypes.
An animatronic talking-head replica of Abraham Lincoln (voiced by Phil Proctor) hosts a tour of what the future will look like.
An old bear goes out every day to a busy street corner. Through a tin marionette theater of his own making the bear will tell us his life story.
An impressionistic retelling of Dostoyevsky's A Gentle Spirit
While a man is trying to rest on a public bench passersby want to know what he keeps in the bag next to him.
A mouse and pig as members of the constabulary on their quest across a variety of print media elements to return a kidnapped egg to its distraught parents.
Watch the featured feline knock over a garbage can and eventually create a bigger mess of the virtual kind. It's further proof that a curious cat will find its way into anything.
In a faraway forest the gracious lissome Centipede is admired by all the other creatures. Except for an old Toad haughty and jealous who hates him. One day he decides to get rid of the Centipede.
Amidst an old London clock shop a small quirky mantle clock comes to the aide of the store's more expensive clocks when a thief breaks in and threatens to steal them away.
The first of four chapters in an absurd parody of The Simpsons.
Animated short film for Off The Air episode Liquid on Adult Swim
F.B.I. and C.I.A. agent Elmer Fudd is after a tall dark stranger who robbed a bank. He gets him confused with Bugs Bunny...the chase is on.
Guida a sweet lady who has been working as an archivist at a Courthouse for 30 years has her routine changed when she sees a newspaper ad about life drawing classes in a cultural center of the city.
An intergalactic explorer on a mission to seek out intelligent life struggles to say sane.
In this gleefully anarchic tour-de-force of puppetry a primal scream class unleashes a man’s inner id - quite literally.
Kate and Humphrey take their pups to Alfred Creek Falls for a vacation where they find themselves embroiled in a cross-country chase after mad wolf trappers spot them.
People continue trifling habits which is disconsolate. However one day absurd incidents change little things and make a little hope.
The third installment of Mike Judge and Don Hertzfeldt's traveling animation anthology including 17 such as Everything Will Be OK Game Over Guide Dog and Davey and Son of Goliath.
Mike Judge and Don Hertzfeldt return featuring their second animation anthology.
Sayuri is the daughter of a good family. On the day of her strike they hold a ceremony to celebrate.
Feature film compiled from the animated short films of Krtek the Mole from 1963-1975.
Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy Prince Charming.
Two friends a caterpillar and a tadpole grow up in two different environments.
Animated version of the classic story
To save the universe and their friendship Mordecai and Rigby must defeat an evil volleyball coach.
The discovery of a generations-old mystery leads to a most extraordinary and surprising family reunion.
An animated version of the classic David Copperfield story. Filled with music color and anthropomorphic versions of the classic characters.
Ma and his friends trace a sea monster from a fairy tale they heard on the floating island.
A story of a boy and a girl who try to find the one thing that matters.
A musician becomes deaf and struggles to adapt to a new life.
Riley now 12 is hanging out at home with her parents in San Francisco when potential trouble comes knocking: a boy shows up at the door.
Shy student Tyn gets the fright of his life when he finds out he is pregnant.
A 90-year-old Jewish woman reflects on her life experiences as she prepares to try bacon for the first time.
A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told the first Christmas.
Olivia Mia Andrea Emma and Stephanie win a science contest at school for their Dolphin Alert project - and the first prize is  an exciting trip on a luxury yacht.
A ravenous rotten avocado crashes a swinging Mexican fiesta and starts devouring the guests... Vegeterrible is a film about the last tomato standings race for his life.
An 11-year-old boy becomes an unlikely superhero when he discovers that he has the ability to leave his body and fly through walls.
A chance encounter proves fateful for 2 robots mining on a desolate planet.
Film breve (Collodi)
Mirela is an animated short educational film for children produced by ‘New Albania’ film studio complex (Kinostudio).
Second movie of Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova which will be an entirely brand-new work.
The theatrical version of the Girls und Panzer TV anime. According to the The Ibaraki Shimbun paper the movie is a direct sequel to the TV anime.
Second movie sequel of Wake Up Girls!.
The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
A prequel to the 2013 Kyoto Animation series Free! which is an adaptation of light novel High☆Speed!
The quest of a fame-and-fortune-hungry wannabe hero in a not-so-fairy-tale.
After finding himself in a wrecked taxi Evan tries to figure out the pieces of the puzzle while dealing with a dangerous threat in a seemingly deserted city.
In a basement Mr. Resistor who's made out of wires and spare parts goes in search of some new arms.
The evil wizard Gargamel--who hates spring because it makes the Smurfs happy and he hates happy--devises a scheme to put Mother Nature to sleep.
In retirementhome Avondrood there's a weekly bingo night. Feisty old lady Gerda starts a crazy quest to find the lost bingo ball.
Alice and Julius are playing on the seashore when Pete comes around gets Julius drunk and tries to steal a crossword puzzle from Alice. Julius has to sober up to come to the rescue.
A demonstration of how to make a Tom &amp  Jerry cartoon.
A  man puts all the things from his apartment into one enormous closet and starts living there. (IMDb)
Monkeys battle polar bears in air combat. Short film from 1942.
Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san who lives on the roof of her house.
A series of animated short films originally created for MTV's Japanese mobile service Flux. It is about an odd pair of rabbits (Kirenenko &amp  Putin) imprisoned in a Soviet Gulag.
The exciting and glamorous lives of Cloe Jade Sasha and Yasmin  the teenage girls with a passion for fashion! Based on the best-selling dolls.
A young boy moves to a new neighborhood and falls in love for the first time with the much older girl next door.
Prologue depicts Spartan and Athenian warriors locked in a gory battle to the death.
Follows people heading for a better place on either side of the ocean. Although at times their paths do cross they never really seem to meet.
Everybody wants to be fashionable and praised. So do grandmothers.
For whom does a girl keep rotating? A story of a weird relationship between a child and adults.
The story of how a little girl overcomes her fear of darkness at night.
A small minotaur his Mum Medusa a Cyclops delivery guy the neighbors the Grey Sisters... Legendary characters from the Greek mythology live their lives and solve their problems in today's world.
Enter the spellbinding realm of a pretty young princess a scheming queen and seven funny little fellows with very big hearts in this brilliantly animated retelling of the timeless fairy take classic.
A montage of scenes that describe how people can be as bad as animals.
After Homer accidentally pollutes the town's water supply Springfield is encased in a gigantic dome by the EPA and the Simpsons are declared fugitives.
While villain Grizzle plots against the Care Bears it is up to Oopsy Bear to come to their rescue.
In Nephtali animator Glen Keane uses both film and drawing in order to depict the journey of a ballerina that is drawn towards a higher power.
A young boy is transformed as he watches the Olympics on TV.
Goofy has fallen in love so it's up to Mickey and Donald to help him be presentable.
A plucky pioneering pre-historic fish has a groundbreaking plan to improve his life.
Short experimental animation from 1961 from animation pioneer Yoji Kuri.
Satire on those who interrupt other peoples' peace and quiet.
A night in the life of an apartment building features interesting occurrences as seen through its lit windows.
A series of shorts pointing out the various ways that people meet their death through their own stupidity.
A man is continually stalked by a small woman named Kemoko who is utterly in love with him.
Short experimental animation from Yoji Kuri.
Short experimental animation from Yoji Kuri.
A surrealistic short from minimalist cartoonist Kuri Yoji.
Trailer for the 49th Ann Arbor Film Festival inspired by LAD girls and a kaleidoscopic birthday flipbook. Projector beatz by Alexander Dupuis.
The mountaintop is usually the object and purpose of the trip. But for the small and serene Mr. Tao is a step on his continuing quest that perhaps will never end.
Dirkjan a nerdy guy turns Leader of the World. Where does his sudden hunger for power come from? And what is the Big Plan?
Aurora is seeking her way through a darkened forest haunted by the ghostly apparitions of the Witte Wieven…
The bird pecks the ox objects. But without the pecking life becomes very complex.
The circle of life. A mantis gets eaten by a frog the frog is been swallowed by a stork while the stork itself is eaten by a crocodile before the crocodile gets shot by a hunter.
What happens to a phone and a tablet after children go to sleep?
Planet Earth has become a gigantic landfill as a gardener and her husband learn too late.
A zany musical road movie about two old friends and a badger who embark on an excessively grand adventure. Starring the musical duo Knutsen &amp  Ludvigsen world famous in Norway.
A little hedgehog on the way to visit his friend the bear gets lost in thick fog where horses dogs and even falling leaves take on a terrifying new aspect...
A man sitting on a couch trying to read ...
El Rey the greatest Luchador to ever live tries retiring to live a normal life. Things do not go well.
A cybernetic ninja must protect a feudal society of spaceship dwellers from a sadistic demon lord.
Anpanman plays.
Early computed animation in which two characters meet and fall in love.
A story about a rhino who tries to save his pet bunny from evil penguins.
A lighthouse keeper’s surprising discovery pulls him out of his daily routine and takes him into uncharted territory.
This was the second of the Russian Winnie the Pooh series. This one had Pooh and Piglet visiting Rabbit for a meal with honey.
Birdboy and his animal friends plan their escape from an ecologically devastated island in this surreal animated fantasy.
A quilted call and response. A battle of extreme extremes.
Animated short film that contrasts the singular way of being Italian to the orderly and civilized system from the rest of Europe
A comedic look at adhering to driving rules.
Blackouts and other mysteries at NAZKA Academy hint at an impending alien invasion.
Ash Pikachu and friends (minus Misty) were visiting a festival celebrating the appearance of a comet when they stumble upon a mysterious rock-like crystal...
The Distant Touch is a 2D animation about a baby fox’s quest to find his mother. It shows an animal’s inner world that has been destroyed by human beings.
A character wants to create a new planet...
A view over life into a peaceful block of flats.
What if you woke up one morning and your neighbourhood had been overrun by baboons? Would you go Bananas?
Opposition of male and female stereotypes
20XX year the world was wrapped in deep snow. In the world the people of dim cold winter had been managing all the media.
An unequal battle between a small and skinny boxer and a big and great boxer.  The film is a mixture of animation and live action a little surreal making it an experimental film.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
Mowgli's on a mission to prove he's a real howling prowling wolf. But a jealous cub and his creature co-horts will stop at nothing to keep him out of the pack!
The history of weapons from the club to the atomic bomb
Surrealist animation by Alexander Fedulov
A group of survivors trapped in a New York apartment fight to stay alive against legions of zombies.
A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship.
This town is too small for the both of them. And for their moustache.
Experimental short film consisting of James Stewart about material is what counts.
In this rotoscope animated fantasy a group of warriors battle immortal forces in hopes to learn the secrets of the universe.
La protagonista vive una inesperada aventura
A humorously semi-factual account of the history of cinema.
A chilling experimental meditation on the lies in which we tell ourselves expressed through the starkly minimalist dioramic presentation of a seemingly empty home.
Based on Russian folk tale The Little Magic Mill
Exploring various aspects of history and the human species including war love &amp  sex all with a playful tongue-in-cheek humour.
Puppet Professor Dan Petory comedically discusses a series of serious or strange occurrences.
Christopher Robin's bear attempts to raid a beehive in a tall tree.
There are small people wearing hats who cannot avoid ridiculous situations happening in society
Extracts from the journal of Pastor John Deitman Strathmoor Georgia. June &amp  July 1927
A Cartune cartoon featuring Baby Face Mouse.
The life and times of a neglected stoplight.
A priest is recruited by federal marshals to help deal with a vampire they've taken into custody. Then things get weird.
Two minions have to babysit a little Neanderthal baby.
Two minions working in a bomb lab get competitive.
Little baby needs his pacifier but loses it during a heist in a museum. What will he do?
Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transcends dimensions.
On a long and dusty road a routine cruise patrol takes a strange turn and spirals totally out of control.
A scarecrow gets more than he bargains for when a stubborn crow invades his farmland.
A series of comic vignettes about caged birds.
The man-made artificial intelligence GOLEM XIV faces its creators with a detached view of human nature and its culture.
A hearse and its cortege are going towards a graveyard. During this killer night the guests are all sneaky and horrible to each other. The Big Funeral turns into terror.
A wagon-full of passengers in a night train and an annoying companion in your compartment. What would you be willing to do in order to have a peaceful journey?
As a pirate enters the Kingdom of the Dead he encounters its beautiful Queen. She captures his heart but hers is not so easily won.
Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player Batwoman investigates Batman's disappearance.
Arthur D.W. and their family and friends prepare to make the best Christmas ever in Elwood City - but obstacles get in their way.
A boy explores the hidden depths of his bathtub in a grey world dominated by boring adults.
A story of one mother’s love for her daughter.
This short animation presents the haunting story of two brothers who share the scars though not the memories of an untold history that has driven them to existential extremes.
Scrat struggles once again to protect his nut.
Eight housemates on a fake animated reality TV show realize they've been canceled and set off on a journey to get back on the air.
Raggedy Ann and Andy leave their playroom to rescue Babette a beautiful French doll kidnapped by a pirate.
Two wannabe heroes and their friends must stop a madman from giving everyone nightmares.
On her way for a simple grocery a girl literally has to struggle through her fellow beings. Some of those people tend to leave a mark but only one person leaves a mark that sticks.
A fairytale about a grand life journey of a 10-year old boy Savva devoted to help his Mom and fellow village people to break free from the vicious hyenas.
In a family headed by a tyrannical father the younger daughter will regain freedom on her birthday...
A fuzzy bachelor has engineered his wacky morning routine with robotic precision.
Elroy Jetson invents a time machine that takes him back to prehistoric times where he meets the Flintstone family.
When you lose something dear to your heart there is only one place it can be found. The Lost Property office.
A symbolic reflection on issues of female sexuality art and identity constructs.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
A stop-motion Sisyphus is overwhelmed by the Czechoslovakian bureaucracy.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
When Bill Babbitt realizes his brother Manny has committed a crime he agonizes over his decision to call the police.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
A short experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
Only the dead body remained.  A one-armed woman who has a ghastly past. She dyes the wasteland in blood in order to achieve revenge on the one-eyed man.
A photo-realistic CGI-rendered 3D Virtual Reality film that takes the viewer on a journey from one beginning to a new beginning.
A nighttime driver is haunted by the ghost of a raccoon she hits with her car.
Marcel the shell gives an outline of their life.
Mickey braves Tokyo's crazy commuting crowds aboard the bullet train as he tries to get to work on time.
This short was released as an extra in the Blu-ray release of Disney Pixar's Inside Out.  It's a zany collection clips of the emotions and how they interact.
Mystery Inc. is summoned to investigate occurrences in a haunted villa where a black knight terrorizes anybody who tries to get close to treasure hidden by the former owner of the building.
To fight crime a new hero is created but there are a few small glitches to iron out.
The continuation of a funny adventures of the heroes from Ivan Tsarevich i Seryy Volk and Ivan Tsarevich i Seryy Volk 2.
It is a dramatic story which happened in Antarctic where the penguins come for summer to raise their baby birds.
Donald Duck promotes birth control.
A short animated film by Jerzy Kucia.
A long list of arduous tasks and obstacles pushes a single Mother to her breaking point. Her children must figure out a way to help their mother and find a way to bring their family back together.
A walking sign fed up with his job dreams to dance.
An animated short about recycling.
Flat Black Films’ rotoscoping software was originally developed for an MTV contest. It is 34 animated interviews with random people encountered in NY’s Washington Square Park.
An austistic boy visits a convenience store for a snack and drink  we see his rituals particularly the mixing of flavors of soda with a wild variety of animation styles.
A mouse is chased by a cat who is pursued by a dog that is pursued by a little girl who is put right by her mommy who has enough with the grumbling grandpa who makes his soup and needs a carrot.
A little hedgehog finds a magnificent apple in the woods. He rolls it behind a rock where he can enjoy it at his leisure. But there are some uninvited guests at the feast.
Shaggy is turned into a werewolf and it's up to Scooby Scrappy and Shaggy's girlfriend to help him win a race against other monsters and become human again.
A star-driven spiraling machine of hallucinatory wonder!
A frank and unflinching look at the debauched and depraved aspects of modern life.
The third and final movie in a trilogy.
Two teddy bears attempt to save Christmas for two children.
The memory cheats - do you recall watching Super Turbo Atomic Ninja Rabbit during the 1980s/1990s? This hoax title sequence plays on childhood recollections.
A lonely shoemaker in a German village learns the true meaning of Christmas when he is asked to make a special pair of boots.
Moonlight reflected in water: the forms and lines are continually rearranged by the currents.
A free transposition of a Kafka novel: the peace of an imaginary insect is disturbed by three little balls.
A dialogue of forms colours and movements follow a rhythm which is both plastic and musical.
The life and power of a distant red galaxy which is invaded by an external force bringing in its wake shadows and destruction.
Based on abstract images by Kamler Andre Voisin and Francois Bayle imagined the story of a messenger charged to bring to our planet the key to a forgotten wisdom.
Infinite star space where luminous forms evolve  dots swarm in webs of insubstantial lines.
An imaginary planet an abstract universe in continual motion where minute organisms. half flea half amoeba the ‘actuphages' live and evolve peacefully.
A goofy crew of extraterrestrial wall-walkers journey to Earth in a quest to learn the meaning of Christmas.
A lonely girl tries to order her perfect guy.
A post-apocalyptic story of a lonely gamer girl and a misunderstood zombie.
Jiminy Cricket explains the basics of fire safety.
In this story we are guided through the relationship of Amelia and Duarte two people that felt out of love and are trying to cope with the feelings that come after a relationship has ended.
On a deserted beach a little guy embarks on a mysterious ship. This is how his journey starts a journey between dream and reality.
A stop motion fable explains how the ocean got its color.
Julius is a lifeguard at the beach where he meets and falls in love with a beautiful female cat. Alice decides to help out by driving the car when the two decide to elope.
Another horse race with Julius riding a mechanical horse and Pete unsuccessfully trying to cheat to win.
Pete schemes to kidnap Alice while she and Julius are working as lumberjacks along the river.
Alice Julius and Pete compete in a golf tournament.
Alice Julius and Peter enter a road race. Pete of course tries to cheat by pulling such stunts as switching road signs but Julius is on to Pete's tricks.
Alice and Julius have to hold their western fort against The Three Bad Eggs and a band of marauding Indians.
Alice attempts to umpire a big league baseball game where the animals begin to take exception to her bad calls.
The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro one of the richest men in the world.
The last movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
Memento mori - remember that you must die. Questions of life and death are evoked in this poetic animation.﻿
A dark stormy night. A little girl is home alone but is she really?
A Ballad in Blue is a series of impressionistic images set to Andy Russell's rendition of the title song.
Julie Walters tells the story of how Morph Shaun the Sheep and that cheese-loving man Wallace and his dog Gromit first came to life.
This film suggests the usage of common sense to minimize the normal stresses and strains of everyday life.
One of the educational short films in the What Should I Do?-series made by Walt Disney Productions.
Jiminy Cricket explains the basics of safety around electricity including lightning.
Short animation dealing with the doubts young people have about venereal diseases.
An educational short about exercising.
After a sneaky cat breaks a fishbowl Mickey attempts to save his pet fish.
Mickey enters Pluto in a dog show but when Pluto gets injured Goofy is forced to step in as a substitute.
Animated film that promotes the importance of pure water. The film illustrates correct measures in keeping spring and well water from being contaminated.
Animated short documentary film made to advance the cause of a balanced diet for the benefit of the public health and for the advancement of the American war effort.
The short film looks at this problem from a city development aspect rather than farm living. The film proposes solutions to the clean water and sanitation issues in third world countries.
New mothers are show how to care for young infants during nursing and as they grow and their diet changes from liquid to solid foods.
Harold and his Amazing Green Plants an Epcot Educational Media short starring Kitchen Kabaret’s Colander Combo.
An educational short film featuring Goofy.
An educational short film featuring Jiminy Cricket.
An educational short featuring Jiminy Cricket.
Jiminy Cricket narrates the history and practice of bicycle safety.
An educational short film made by Disney.
Jiminy Cricket narrates the history and practice of pedestrian traffic safety.
An educational short film made by Walt Disney Productions.
Jiminy Cricket explains how the ear works both for hearing and balance.
Jiminy Cricket teaches children about the eyes.
Jiminy Cricket teaches water safety.
Jiminy Cricket explains the interconnected senses of smell and taste.
Jiminy Cricket explains the sense of touch its four components (heat cold pain pressure) and its unique dispersed nature.
Jiminy Cricket explains the five senses contrasting man and other animals.
Jiminy Cricket explains how man resembles and differs from other animals particularly the use of language the use of reason and opposable thumbs.
Jiminy Cricket explains how every living thing has its proper kind of food and how it is used plus the basics of nutrition.
Goofy explains how to avoid making common consumer errors and get the best value for one's money by setting priorities comparing prices and looking for sales.
Time for Table Manners is a 1987 Disney educational animated short featuring classic animation re-edited to a modern story. It teaches about the importance of table manners.
Everyone knows what a Dancer a Comet or a Cupid is but what's a Donner? A troubled reindeer tries to save Christmas from disaster. Christmas Special for ABC Family's 25 Days of Christmas.
A re-imagining of the myth of Yansan Shango and Ogum in a luminous futuristic Japan.
The OVA will be bundled with the 7th volume of the manga scheduled to ship on August 26 2015. It will be a sea bathing episode.
Kokuhaku Jikkou Iinkai: Renai Series (music and animation series featuring seiyuus) created by HoneyWorks getting an animated movie to premiere Spring 2016.
A tale of individual courage and sacrifice that contributed to the cracking of the Enigma Code during WWII.
TV pilot based on an original manga by Tetsuya Chiba about a 10-year old girl named Yuki. An orphan who's being adopted by a family.
Duck Duck Goose the story of the most unlikely family ever.
A Strange Penguin: Badtz-Maru a penguin from Hawaii moves into the Stump Village.
Help Dora explore in Eight of he most exciting adventures ever. Let's Go!
New Aria work produced for the Ao no Curtain Call project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.
A strange encounter on the road.
Adventurers get more than they bargained for on a remote island.
The story of a young Micmac girl whose name means the light from the dawn.
Sparkie decides to stop breathing fire after he ruins Mrs Piecrust's dragonberry pies! But Mike and Squirt need his fire-breathing skills to help them find some more dragonberries to make new ones.
Alice and Julius are driving a train which is carrying a large payroll. Pete the Bear and his gang find out about it and devise a plan to rob the train.
Alice is kidnapped by Chinese Gangsters and brought to Chinatown. Her cat tries (successfully) to rescue her but then they're hunted by a bunch of angry Chinese Triad members.
During the construction of the universe a young member of the Cosmos Corps of Engineers decides to break some fundamental laws in the name of self-expression.
Today is the Big Balloon Race. Will Donald finally win the race in his hot air balloon?
Don't let responsibilities kill your dreams………
The map of an American city goes on a quest across the world to find oil in order to feed its body made of streets highways and freeways.
When a hungry Astronomer falls asleep while working on a problem he discovers a solution not in outer space but in the surreal food-chain of his subconscious mind.
Theiser fulfills an ancient prophecy to revive the light warriors and defeat the Demolisher and the forces of evil in Mexico City in this cubistic headfuck.
Every short surprise on a way only Pat and Mat can do.
A mortally wounded Spider-Man attempts to protect his family and friends from a recently escaped team of super villains led by the Green Goblin.
This short probes the taboos around a very particular second-hand trauma leading us to a more universal understanding of human experience.
Sequel to the 2010 film 'You are Umasou'.
Adventures of max under the sea
What happens at a tailgate party before a Metallica concert? Part music video part acid trip this adventure is a jam-packed frenzy with surprise cameos and an original score by Metallica.
This cartoon deals with three kittens who are cruel and mean to an orphan kitty but the mother cat adopts the little orphan serves pie to all four kittens and all is well at the cat-house.
Sam and Simian have just set themselves up as Jungle Medics. They've just completed a successful operation on a coconut when the phone rings and a lion wants them to treat his tooth.
Avelita a mischievous chick wants a jukebox.
Swing Symphonies cartoon.
Animated parody of such horror classics as Evil Dead and The Hills Have Eyes.
A young female agent with a powerful psionic power over paper must stop a plot for world destruction.
Pikachu Eevee and friends short
The filmmaker's wife gets drunk then tells a joke. Which is recorded then later animated.
Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Kure City on the coast of Hiroshima Prefecture where she perseveres through World War II with pluck and determination.
The classic tale of a loveable outcast hunchback and the Romani girl he adores.
Greed and hierarchy in the Caribbean reefs.
A stop motion film about an oddball felted character who slips through floors into the past and the deepest parts of his psyche in his pursuit of self-understanding.
Gene a muli-expressional emoji sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji.
While flying south with a flock of ducks Woody is shot at and hunted by a hunter and his dog.
Part 2 of Animation Legend Phil Tippett's apocalyptic stop-motion descent into the bowels of the unconscious
In a fancy Parisian Café an uptight businessman discovers he forgot to bring his wallet and bides his time by ordering more coffee.
Featuring 20 of the greatest Thomas stories including the very first episode in an all-new special edition!
Aardvark's computer contraption that he consults for advice on how to catch the Ant only guides the Aardvark through an exercise of painful futility.
The Aardvark's vacuum cleaner intended by him to inhale the Ant after his own snout becomes corked and bottled ingests an angry bear.
A grocery truck loses a shipment of chocolate-covered ants. The Aardvark and another green aardvark fight over a can of ants which they can't seem to open.
The Bongo Pest Control Agency gets a call for an ant problem so the Aardvark intercedes to take care of the call himself.
The Ant's lodge brothers come to his rescue and thwart the Aardvark's nefarious plans.
The Aardvark chases The Ant but this time The Ant has found a new pal in a termite.
The Great De Gaulle Stone Operation is the first short in the Inspector series. The Inspector tries to protect a valuable diamond from a three headed jewel thief.
The Inspector ineffectually tries to protect the Commissioner from a mad bomber's revenge campaign.
The Inspector and Sergeant Deux-Deux ineffectually try to stop the Blotch from robbing the Louvre.
Trying to catch a purse snatcher the Inspector sets up a sting operation by disguising himself as a woman and soon falls afoul of the Commissioner's jealous wife.
The Inspector and Deux-Deux go on an undercover search for an agent across the world.
The Inspector handcuffs Toulouse Le Moose and himself to prevent Toulouse from escaping but it causes problems on the way to the station.
The Inspector goes after Spider Pierre an expert pickpocket.
When they go after Hassan the Assassin Deux-Deux gives the Inspector an unlucky rabbit's foot.
Follow the crazy adventures of the young salmon-chan (Half human/half salmon) as she tries to get eaten.
Suspended for incompetence the Inspector tries to protect the Commissioner from a vengeful criminal but keeps getting implicated instead.
Mistaken for a bank robbing lookalike The Inspector is sent to prison and his efforts to escape prove a hopeless challenge.
Inspector Clouseau declares war on a pesky crow with the bumbling Clouseau talking all his own bomb blasts and being electrified on a power line!
Inspector Clouseau is stranded on a deserted island with a vicious criminal whom Clouseau had been assigned to transport to the prison on Devil's Island. The 22nd Inspector cartoon.
When working with the Mounties The Inspector becomes the prisoner of the ever alert fugitive Caribou Lou.
The Inspector's pursuit of a criminal in London is impeded by the Scotland Yard captain who is more interested in enforcing the local weapons policy.
On a hunting vacation Inspector Clouseau mistakenly keeps shooting a bad-tempered bear instead of the quail he's after which results in painful lessons learned by the Inspector.
A bickering married couple continue their verbal sparring as they repeatedly repel Inspector Clouseau's attempts to enter their house to give them a ticket.
A stagecoach owner is going out of business if the train (rode by Roland) makes it to the other side so they hire Rattfink to stop the train but doesn't work.
Roland is assigned to capture Rattfink in Yukon but Rattfink have Roland hostage.
Roland is a good spy who is assigned to deliver a message but Rattfink keeps stealing it. Who will get it and most importantly what's in the secret message?
Tired of being poor Ratfink marries a widow for her money. But the situation may be more than he can handle when he has to put up with her bossiness and the non-stop chatter of her gargantuan son.
Rattfink finds out his rich 100 year-old uncle Rotten Rattfink is still alive and Rattfink visits him to make sure his name is on his will.
Roland is Roland Hood and takes money from the evil tax-collector (Rattfink) to give to the poor. Rattfink however has other ideas.
Rattfink tries to steal the world's famous diamond guarded by Roland but his every attempt fail.
In this spoof of Blake Edwards' The Great Race Roland and Rattfink compete against each other in a car race in 1901.
Rattfink wants to give revenge on Roland for getting him banned at the roller skate rink.
A very resistant bug won't let Pink Panther go to sleep.
The next-door neighbor neglects to return the Pink Panther's lawn mower resulting in a feud that escalates into all-out war.
At Pinkstone National Park the Panther heckles a nature photographer (Big Nose Man) and ultimately gets what's coming to him.
The Pink Panther goes hot on the trail of a basketball with a mind of its own. This lands our hero into an assortment of predicaments.
The Pink Panther stows away on the S.S. Luxitania only to be chased by the ship's waiter (the Little Man).
With the help of some snapping turtles The Pink Panther battles fur trappers Jacques and Jules after his tail gets snagged in one of their foothold traps.
The Pink Panther finds a magician's top hat complete with a large rabbit.
An Indian fakir's magic rope falls in love with the Pink Panther's tail.
An Indian fakir's magic rope falls in love with the Pink Panther's tail. (Reissue of The Pink of Arabee 1976).
The Pink Panther teaches a reluctant Little Man various sports.
The Pink Piper attempts to lead the mice out of town.
During the American Revolution the Pink Panther is sent to notify townsfolk that the Redcoats are coming. Reissued as Yankee Doodle Pink in 1978.
During the American Revolution the Pink Panther is sent to notify townsfolk that the Redcoats are coming. (Reissue of Pinky Doodle 1976).
Private Detective Pink tries to identify who stole his breakfast cake (which he ate himself in his sleep) instead finding another crook and chasing him through a surreal house.
The Pink Panther adopts a pet rock who is more trouble than he is worth. Reissued as Pet Pink Pebbles in 1978.
The Pink Panther adopts a pet rock who is more trouble than he is worth. (Reissue of Rocky Pink 1976).
Pink finds a witch's magic wand and helps a girl in rags become glamorous to win a date with Pelvis Parsley.
The Pink Panther has a problem with a termite who devours every wooden item in his house.
The Pink Panther has difficulty crossing a busy traffic intersection.
The Pink Panther sneaks into a house on a cold night soon to learn it belongs to a hunter. The hunter's dog soon learns of the panther's presence and unsuccessfully tries to prove this to his owner.
The Pink Panther has problems waking up in the morning and buys a cuckoo clock but it causes more problems.
Pink fights over a bone with a caveman and two dinosaurs.
The Pink Panther operates a farm and battles two crows trying to eat his corn field.
The Pink Panther tries to get a dog removed from his tail at the hospital.
A series of 12 miniature-cartoons that end when each one pinks out.
The Pink Panther learns to play the violin and interrupts a performance of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony with the Pink Panther Theme played on various instruments.
The Pink Panther battles with a hungry mouse raiding his refrigerator who throws a late-night party with a crowd of other mice.
The Pink Panther decides to be a superhero and keeps trying to help the same little old lady but doesn't actually succeed in any attempts.
The Pink Panther finds a talking magic lamp and becomes a genie. However he cannot get anyone to rub the lamp.
The Pink Panther wakes up in a log cabin in January and has to avoid starving to death and getting eaten by a starving mouse before Spring
In a dystopian world a young man vows to eliminate the giant humanoid creatures that threatens the remnants of humanity.
Voices of a Distant Star chronicles a long-distance relationship between two close friends who communicate by sending emails via their mobile phones across interstellar space.
The Pink Panther stays in the haunted Dead Dog Hotel on a stormy night.
The Pink Panther replaces all the yellow posies in a garden with pink ones annoying a gardener in the process.
The Pink Panther is caught littering in the town of Litterburg and as punishment he has to clear all of the litter in the entire town.
The Pink Panther joins a gym but does not have luck getting into shape.
The Pink Panther arrives on a desert island to discover a native and his dog. The dog gets suspicious and tries unsuccessfully to prove the panther's existence to his owner.
The Pink Panther steals a family's baby basket instead of a picnic basket at the park and ends up having to raise the baby until the parents return.
The Pink Panther has a long journey home and tries to tame a horse to ride back but it isn't easy.
The Pink Panther decides to work at a construction site but wreaks havoc instead.
A cold Pink Panther sneaks into a house owned by a magician and gets irritated by a rabbit who keeps bothering him.
The Pink Panther has to rescue a princess kidnapped by the Black Knight but must first tame his uncooperative horse.
A scientifically-enhanced fruit fly attacks the Pink Panther's apples and he decides to get revenge.
The Pink Panther gets a job working in a busy café beside a building site and has trouble serving food to the construction workers.
In the Alps The Pink Panther's sleep is disturbed by a tuba player and his howling dog and he decides to stop it.
After being abused by her mother physically and mentally Asuka gets taken in by her grandparents. Slowly she learns her own worth as a human being and overcomes many obstacles.
The Pink Panther arrives at Nome instead of Rome and meets a friendly seal an unfriendly polar bear and a hunter trying to catch the seal.
The Pink Panther is attacked by a dog flea and tries to get rid of it.
While changing a flat tire the Pink Panther loses his spare tire and chases after it.
The Pink Panther reads some old letters from his army friend Loud-Mouth Louie.
The Pink Panther follows a very long piece of string.
The Pink Panther becomes a lumberjack again but is chased by his serious and short-tempered boss.
The Pink Panther uses a big magnet to find a lost coin that fell down a grate.
The Pink Panther needs a new spark plug to start his lawn mower but his replacement falls into a yard guarded by a bulldog.
As a hospital janitor the Pink Panther takes up first aid to the disgust of the duty doctor.
The Pink Panther goes to the launderette and causes mishaps to a customer there.
Leonardo da Vinci (the Little Man) plans to paint the Mona Lisa with a frown but The Pink Panther insists on a smile which he paints on the Mona Lisa soon after Da Vinci paints her frown.
On a ski slope The Pink Panther unintentionally bedevils the Little Man while trying to teach him how to ski.
The Pink Panther meets a friendly salmon at the beach and keeps him as a pet.
Trying to find somewhere to sleep The Pink Panther sneaks into the Ritz Plaza Hotel but has to avoid the hotel detective.
The Pink Panther accidentally stumbles into Transylvania and eventually encounters Dracula.
An elephant follows the Pink Panther home from the zoo.
The Pink Panther keeps a forest park clean despite a camper's constant littering.
The Pink Panther tries to teach a small bird to fly south for the winter.
Jane sends Tarzan to catch the Pink Panther so she can make pink clothing from his fur.
The Pink Panther is inspired by The Scarlet Pimpernel and decides to rescue dogs captured by the local dog catcher.
The Pink Panther steals a lumberjack's house in revenge for the lumberjack cutting down his treehouse home.
The Pink Panther comes to the aid of a hen-pecked man who pulls a thorn out of his foot.
The Pink Panther turns his hand to building a motorcycle but mayhem ensues whenever he goes for a drive.
The Pink Panther joins the army and angers his sergeant with his usual antics.
After the Pink Panther flips a quarter to decide whether he should spend it on a hot dog or a hamburger it rolls away and he goes after it.
The Pink Panther keeps returning a lucky horseshoe to its bank robber owner which in turn causes incredible bad luck for the crook by continually attracting the police.
The Pink Panther is forced by a burglar to help him break into a manufacturing warehouse and crack a safe.
The Pink Panther and a sheep come to live in Cattle County Texas and have to endure a sheep-abusing cattleman.
The Pink Panther is forced by a criminal to deliver a package to the Slobvanian Embassy but must first get past the guard dog.
In medieval times The Pink Panther tries to rescue an imprisoned peasant because he is too poor to pay taxes.
The Pink Panther decides to become an amateur photographer but the local wildlife are not cooperative.
Taking refuge from the Dog Catcher in The Little Man's house The Pink Panther pretends to be the daughter's latest soft toy and she fights over it with her brother.
Staying in a motel the Pink Panther decides to practice his trumpet playing while annoying the man next door in the motel.
Trying to have a picnic the Pink Panther tries to escape a cloud that keeps following and raining on him.
The Pink Panther catches a butterfly for his collection but it turns out to be a small UFO.
The Pink Panther buys Dr Jekyll's old car which he can't control (thanks to the doctor's formula in its gas tank).
The Pink Panther sells his cow for some beans and grows a large beanstalk later facing a giant.
The Pink Panther attempts to get rid of a fly in his home.
The Pink Panther buries a $5 bill and tries to get it back after a hotel is built on top of it.
The Little Man visits a psychiatrist having been driven to insanity by the Pink Panther.
As a Dailey Blabbermouth reporter the Pink Panther tries to get past the security man and guard dog at Howard Huge's mansion.
The Pink Panther is scammed by a South Sea cruise which turns out to be a pirate trap. He is then forced to do the captain's orders.
The Pink Panther is scammed by a South Sea cruise which turns out to be a pirate trap. He is then forced to do the captain's orders.
The Pink Panther encounters a music-loving gorilla who dances whenever he hears music.
A constantly meowing alley cat keeps the Pink Panther awake.
The Pink Panther operates a gas station for space ships and ends up battling a space villain.
Poncho and Toro turn their hunger pangs toward a certain grasshopper with attitude who sounds just like John Wayne!
When Pancho and Toro caught the El Kukaracha they thought they would share it for breakfast tomorrow but when they're asleep one of them would sneak to the breakfast and eat it themselves.
Pancho and El Toro's lake has completely dried up so they decide to take refuge in a nearby neighbor's swimming pool. They just have to get past the giant dog first...
The Crane from Go For Croak and A Snake in the Gracias returns to eat the toads but of course his plans backfire.
In this parable a shy wolf tries to connect with a group of hip party-loving bunnies but finds her body is in revolt
Independent filmmaker Caveh Zahedi meets his childhood idol.
A damsel in distress gets undressed when a man from the Midwest puts to rest a world that's obsessed with the priceless also known as the shiny.
Proud parents Poncho and Toro adopt Crazylegs Crane when they find his egg.
Toro and Poncho watch the Sheriff's posse chase the Cactus Kid right into a showdown with Poncho at the Horny Toad Saloon for the fastest tongue in the west.
After a big toad takes over Toro and Pancho's pond they decided to move to an even bigger pond. However they have to dodge Crazylegs Crane and a big fish who both has an appetite for frogs.
The toads want a grasshopper meal and fight over the creature. Unfortunately the grasshopper violently outsmarts them at every turn.
Toro wants to lose weight to try to impress his girlfriend so he (with Pancho's help) decides to work out.
Toro and Pancho encounter a hungry cat who has a special taste for frogs.
A lonely one-winged creature is constantly harassed by a flock of demonic crows. One day after an attack he decides to escape from the forest.
A tribute to all life drawing models and to the passion of the craft  exploring form figure life and all that lies within.
A short animated movie about a moon that feel into the sea.
An experimental abstract animation.
A short film by PES.
A countdown with cakes - made by PES.
A pepper beating like a heart.
A moth is drawn towards the light.
A mouse becomes unlikely friends with a fox after an encounter with hungry owls.
Meerkats compete with a vulture for food.
A duckling tries to save the animals when a storm hits their farm.
A man encounters strange animals during his road trip in his car. Short film from 1934.
Bumbling supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life.
A boy competes in various events during the Olympic games. Short film from 1936.
The second part of the retelling of the first and second seasons of the anime.
A visually artistic animation with no real story. It follows a pair of butterflies as they drift past various beautiful depictions of people and animals.
A take off on The Godfather with canines in the roles of the Corleone family.
Emmet Wyldstyle Unikitty MetalBeard and Benny reunite at the invitation of a shady new character Risky Business who plans to open a curious theme park bearing a suspicious resemblance to LEGOLAND®.
A young man in a leotard leads a group of animals in a sumo wrestling match. The bear is the final victor of all the animals but then loses when he must face Kintaro.
The mischievous Chinkoroheibei visits the underwater realm of the fish king where he tries to steal the king's treasure box.
The two of them all alone at home. All alone with her father's corpse. Memories ideals and reality all sink beneath the muck. Everyone is alone. Everyone is in solitude.
Short experimental film from 1967 from animator Yoji Kuri.
Short experimental animated filmby Yoji Kuri.
As Po looks for his lost action figures the story of how the panda inadvertently helped create the Furious Five is told.
A short film by Furukawa Taku.
A short animation by Taku Furukawa.
A short animated film by Furukawa Taku.
A short animated film by Furukawa Taku.
A short animated film by Furukawa Taku.
An impatient girl takes on the task of building a robot can she complete it without destroying her own creation?
The ugly parrot Pierre gets lucky when a fashionable pirate is being just a little too fashionably late …
As Detective Jim Corrigan investigates a murder The Spectre delivers horrific justice to the perpetrators.
A horror spin on the classic tale of The Little Match Girl.
Experimental animation by Keiichi Tanaami.
Abstract animation by Keiichi Tanaami and Nobuhiro Aihara.
Legs and shoes float across the screen in this short film by Yoriko Mizushiri.
Minimalistic abstract hand made animation from the award winning Mirai Mizue.
A horror take on the classic tale of Snow White.
A cowardly man is being scared by trolls underneath an old tree.
Max is taking a railroad trip and pulls out his pen to draw Koko Fitz and a railroad. Maybe the trip is too bumpy because nothing works as it is supposed to.
Short animated film by Tanaami Keiichi.
A short animated film by Tanaami Keiichi.
A short animated film by Tanaami Keiichi.
A short animated film by Nobuhiro Aihara.
From a chance meeting to passive deception the failure of a relationship as told from two sides.
Toru Matsumoto's official music video with Mirai Mizue's interesting hypnotical-rhythmical animation.
Short independent animation.
An absurd film by Kuri Youji.
A man wakes up with a terrible feeling. His parents are selling his childhood home.
RIKEN's (The Incorporated Administrative Agency Rikagaku Kenkyusho) promotional video with animation by Mirai Mizue and music by twoth.
Short animation by Komazaki Tomomi.
An OVA based on the work of Kawaguchi Kaiji consisting of nine independent stories each animated by a different director. With Beatles music involved somewhere.
As the sun rises on the horizon a small finicky man strives tenaciously and in every possible way to clean the spots on the magnificent luminous star.
The film is an abstract allegory showing two penguins with different ideas abot sea creatures that are their food or their shadows depending on the perspective. Basically sense-twisting animation.
Short film by Kurosaka Keita.
Short film by Kurosaka Keita.
Short film by Kurosaka Keita.
Tiny parasols sprout up like fungi across a beautiful wooded landscape in this hybrid stop motion/timelapse short film.
In Kei Oyama's grim Consultation Room a medical diagnosis triggers a wave of traumatic fantasies portrayed in greyish pencil drawings that waver as if left out for too long in the rain.
The members of Serbian army kill innocent Bosnian Muslim victims after Srebrenica massacre in the nearby village of Kravice.
In the peaceful Halftone City a mysterious heroine and a brave ally face the ultimate threat.  Director: Run Wrake (as John Wrake)
An animated short directed by Heinrich Sabl.
Coiling and turning orbs travel through the stratosphere. Birth and transcendence short animation from Run Wrake and Howie B.
A history of war done tastefully.
The main idea of film can be expressed in a proverb: together it is cramped and separately it is boring.
Using interviews with people about their first experiences with love this short film uses animal counterparts to tell their tales of humor and heartache.
A little girl rides her bike
Animation based on the December 7 2015 cover of The New Yorker by graphic novelist Chris Ware with voice recording of a mother worrying about her reaction to daughter’s first make-up.
An addicted biker runs out of cigarettes. He joins a race to get more but has to take help from some peculiar people in the audience to stay in the competition.
people are leaving a town by the order of military. but a Little boy doesn't want to follow them. he wants to complete his own mission but...
Run Wrake's iconic meathead character - first established in 1994's Jukebox bobs his head to PIL through the streets of NYC.
Montage of crazy stream of consciousness imagery from Run Wrake - mixing animation and live action.
Directed and animated by Run Wrake a one minute illustration of Paul Merton's words on Sudoku commissioned by the BBC for the Radio 4 website.
Flipbook-style animated short film of the history of time - from the big bang to the big end - on lined. yellow paper.
Two gentlemen battle for the prize. Things escalate quickly...
People’s body and soul transform into big a cloud and are mixed with erotic shapes.
Something happens at the junior high school. When a boy starts to draw a cloud that drawing begin to move and eat the students...
A funny little story about people living on the soft cloud. A look at their daily life in the morning they listen to the bell and begin to go down the sky.
There is no place like home there is no place like hell.  The first in Rosto AD's Thee Wreckers Tetralogy.
A young naturalist experiences an epiphany when he finds a giant salamander.
When neophyte magician The Great Corben botches his first big break he has one chance to redeem himself but the pressure may be too much for him to handle.
A man covered in responsibilities and burdened by the weight of his work is swept away on a journey that changes his perception of life.
Saucer Man where are you headed in your saucer in the night……..
A ninja fights a pirate
A day in the life of an Indian taxi cab driver
Interviewees describe the experience of orgasm in an animated investigation on sexual climax.
Here comes the bunch of Psycho City residents(!!!) 3D animation from Vince Collins
As Jerry Garcia once said This is an alternate universe that's got a lot of interesting stuff in it. 3D animation from Vince Collins.
In Vince Collins's 3D animation Dorothy finally meets the Lizard in a whole new way.
3D clowns have a trippy party at a carnival.
Despite being an honorary citizen the spider wants that guy's car at any cost...
Welcome to Florida!!! 3D animation from the bizarre mind of Vince Collins
Tripping through a trunkful of memories
An uncoordinated mess of crass tacky grotesqueries
In 1920 in order to eliminate the evils of alcohol and to achieve a perfect society the United States banned the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
3D animation mayhem from Vince Collins
Witness the last twenty seconds of the cameraman's life. He saw too much.
1950's car culture resulted from the converging simultaneous evilutions of the cheeseburger the radio and the automobile.
A woman ponders over the strange coincidences that made her forefathers and -mothers meet and create the premises for her becoming the person that she is.
Fat kid pulls a clever trick over his old man with wacky results. Total hilarity as the fat kid crosses the Rubicon into disaster.
This animation is a visual music with Japanese HIPHOP.Is a video using the scripts (Japanese  English and symbols ) and abstract animation.
Short experimental animation by Mirai MIzue
Short experimental film by Takashi Ohashi
Short experimental film by takashi ohashi
A bird requires some assistance for his migratory flight south but things don't quite go as planned
In winter some people go ice fishing. Excitement intensified by freezing temperatures and strong drinks lead to unpredictable consequences.
Short experimental animation by Mirai Mizue.
A heavyset woman who keeps being harassed by her aerobics instructor and her attempts to get even with him on a Body Beautiful contest.
Troubled by his conflicting parents and haunted by the monster that dwells in his bedroom closet - Gregory must confront his demons and defeat the true evil that exists behind closed doors.
The Moonbear and his friends experience funny and exciting adventures in their forest.
An eccentric inventor realizes he's not a perfect father so one day he makes one.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanaro Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto.
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto.
“Man on the chair” is tormented and constantly doubts his very own existence.
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto.
Short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto
Short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto
A short animated film by Tadanari Okamoto
Korean illustrator Shinyoung Kim’s colourful take on the story of Adam and Eve wonderfully matched to the sounds of Basenji’s “Dawn”.
A girl in a brothel reminisces and questionins the advice her mother gave her as a child.
Three characters share a common traumatic experience when they were born.
Dr. Frank Baxter with the help of The Mad Hatter and Jabberwock takes young Judy exploring the world of language in which she finds out that language is for doing more than just talking.
Kaleidoscopic one minute animation windfall from Jake Fried like penetrating the third eye. Hand-drawn animation with ink and white-out .
A compilation film recapping the second season Yowamushi Pedal: Grande Road.
Leo San Juan and his team of ghostbusters continue with their adventures this time fighting against the mexican monster himself: El Chupacabras.
Fed up with the harsh treatment his master has given him a brave little mouse (and later his dog Brewster) sets off on an adventure.
A mink walks into a fur store.
The adventure of Little Red Riding Hood is one of the most classic fairy tales which grew generations.
We're given the history of man seeking flight however not by the channels of 'do-it-yourself': men jump off of cliffs while trying to flap their arms be them in armor or other outfits.
Short animated film by Yanagihara Ryouhei
A short film by Kuri Youji. A man plants a flower and waits for it to bear fruit...
Independent animation by Suzuki Shin'ichi.
Short animated film by Yoji Kuri.
Short animated film by Kuri Youji.
Independent animation by Tsukioka Sadao.
Independent stop motion animation by Aihara Nobuhiro combining drawings and real landscapes.
Independent animation by Suzuki Shiniichi
Independent animation by Shimamura Tatsuo.
A man steals the dreams of innocent villagers and tries to sell them back to the townsfolk.
Ducks get into a conflict with frogs and start a war.
A great way to describe in a minute what it's like to be a boy going through puberty.
A black humoured requiem for all the childhood pets who found their end in the most curious of circumstances. One by one they get revisited as the main character takes a trip down memory lane.
Two friends explore a city floating in the air where their friendship is put to the test.
A short puppet animation movie by Kazuhiko Watanabe.
A little girl tries to sell matches on a cold December night with no luck. To keep from freezing she lights one match and sees a wondrous vision...
A day in the life of a floating head.
This is for children who couldn't be on their own. And for the time when you're older and you've forgotten your determination to be on your own.
PAMON are magical and mysterious creatures who can move the hair on their head however they wish and communicate using their chest hair. This tale takes a peek at an ordinary day for the PAMON.
The catfish can't get back to the sea. A big catfish is stuck on a riverbank where he lives quietly with a little catfish in a boat packed with memories from back home.
Men's muscle lust for battle conflict and the game.
One doesn't know where to go but has to move forward. He has to go to his goal.Always transforming himself his heart and mind drift and run towards the goal when he finds it.
On a summer day an strange man who teaches Russian at the beach took me to a town. The familiar town looked totally fresh from a different point of view. The man should be there at the beach tomorrow.
In the evening of a village festival a young boy named Bunroku goes to the festival with his friend and visits a clog shop on the way. There he learns an old superstition about the fox.
The scutes glisten in the corner of her mind and she starts to dig her memories up. What was like the museum director she encountered when she was lost?
The borderline of water a body or a bathtub gets more and more unclear. All are mixed together in the lukewarm water.
Only separated heart grows big without knowing it. Eventually self swelled something almost swallowed himself to disappear. Chaff failed to make a good rice crop.
Mother secretly threw a letter of her daughter in the snow ocean. The daughter in suspicion followed her mother and sneak into a boat. She waits for a thaw with unreached feelings
A story of a father and a daughter. He projects the images of former himself on his daughter. Their feelings start to merge as their memories clearer.
This place is where my grand parents my parents and I once lived. Even though I lose my memories and feelings of it it does exist there and keeps to be in existence.
An ensemble play with men full of distorted energy.
At the frontline of the First World War the disfigured body lies on the ground. But the memories of life are still there.
In a big city a young woman goes to see the film Naked Angels. It turns out to be a film noir that breaks through the fourth wall.
Naoko had a fight with her brother over a trivial thing and pushed him away.  She knew she was childish but she ran away from home.
The gaze of a woman from a window at other windows leads to a recollection of various scenes.  The metamorphosed windows transfer expand reflect conserve and sometimes shine like a lighthouse.
When the mind says aah the body says hee.  I dance around the confusion and the consensus and my whole life is getting composed of these dances.
A man wanted to escape.  He wanted to stay unaware but he found them all.
A record of sensation and signs of watching tumbling moving and then floating
The devices not used for a story are fed and then destroyed.  This is a reproduction of reminiscence when a heroine runs about a neuron in a moment of waiting for the world that didn’t happen.
A young girl takes it into her head that her mother is taken by her newly born sister.  Out of jealousy she hides her baby sister in darkness.
Mom and Dad imagine their little baby in Mom’s tummy which is just like a universe filled with amniotic fluid and the baby is having an adventure there.
I get up in the morning prepare myself wait for a bus then the train go to school and return home.  Days go by even while I wonder about cry or sleep.
Suffering from her delusion K tries to depict her disorder in her paintings.  In her dream she finds a frame which makes her believe that drawing is her destiny.
All of a sudden a boy starts to play hopscotch.  Kicking stone[s] is.  .  .  simply play but it doesn’t work as simply as it seems.  He struggles by the rule he made himself.
A spring night I walked past a ‘god’.  I wonder if it was a cat or a man.  Or was it a wind I felt in a slumber?  They were certainly there celebrating the cycle of lives in small ways.
A man walks.  His form wobbles precariously.  The world is hard to tell subjective or objective.  His body is cut in pieces.  Only the power of image can make these unite.
The theme is ‘one continues to live leaving his trace.’  It is an abstract animation in which movement is done by repetition of pencil drawings and erasure on a piece of paper.
This animation shows how the liquid in a glass erupts spreads mixes and overflows.
The story of Bear Acorn Prawn Fritter and Reading Glasses or Specs who live in a flat called Daisy Lodge from summer to a winter morning.  And it continues to someday when we look back today.
Four years ago while out for a walk in Ome I picked up an intriguing stone of 30cm across.  Then I wanted to pursue its image until its ultimate end.
Blood is circulated around calmly replacing itself making us alive.  It throbs ceaselessly without any attention.  It carries on
A rat happens to find a small theater and falls in love with a small wind-up doll girl there.
One day is presented by shiritori a word game of last and first.  A chain of images in one line evolves the story of this game.
A story of two boys told through a dragonfly specimen.  Is the story told from the boy’s side?  Or is this a dragonfly’s dream?
How to spend a ten-minute break at club activities.  Let us take off [our] shoes and socks and enjoy the fresh breeze between our toes.  We are all flesh after all.
We cannot stay here any longer.  We must leave tomorrow morning.  A clown convinces and hurries the residents of an amusement park a girl a gay a soldier a dog to be in time for the merry-go-round.
Marie has lost the precious memories of her mother and her magic spell.  One day she meets a mysterious nutcracker in her dream and strays off into an extraordinary world.
Deep down in the forest there lived flower fairies in flower gardens waking up with the sunrise eating sweets and chatting with each other.  One day they had a visit from his and then.  .  .
Some by walking some by car or trains or in the relay of vehicles foxes get together for an annual assembly.
Off-street mysteries.  There are many things we don’t find in the main streets.  We might find many happenings in the back street which don’t happen in the main streets.
Playtime ends at the five o'clock chime.  And there comes the indefinable time between vanishing playtime and dinner time at home.
A drawing line explores the life and death of my Grandfather.
A scientist has created her own android clone to replace her in the outside world so that it can face it for her.
The film is of the memory love and gratitude of the dusty dog and many other dogs tracing their senses and memories dedicating to you who gave love to them.
The film is about the water cycle. Each of the rain drops transform.  .  .  as they follow the cycle of nature uniting with each other parting or being absorbed in the course of their journey
He’ has kept moving forward through his life.  Nothing else bothered him.  But one day by chance he realized that he has definitely grown old.  And eventually he makes a complete stop.
Mater is a matador fighting a herd of bulldozers in Spain. When Lightning McQueen enters the story the bulldozers begin to chase him due to his red paint.
Story of Qs.  Three Qs and more make QQQ.  QQQ spin and roll.  And QQQ transform themselves spinning.  QQQ transform spinning rolling swinging turning and traveling.
Pinocchio and his friends a glow worm and a marionette search for a magic music box. However so are the evil Scalawag and the Emperor of the Night.
Bnnie is something like the wind and she was hoping that everything would get blown away.
There are creatures like this.  In the sky.  An ‘ant’ lost on earth and a man left behind.  Hey listen to the request!  The man’s ‘ant gathering’ begins.
A young man is drawing sketches of birds in the woods.  The spotted pattern of the bird’s wings begins to scatter.  He gradually becomes mesmerized by the pattern.
A man blown by a blizzard on Snow Mountain wants to return to his warm home.
The old granny playing peek-a-boo is gone.  Instead a stranger appears and draws closer to the child.  Peek-a-boo involves exercising memory and looking directly at your partner.
There is an elderly woman who has run a store in a Japanese town for over sixty years.  She marries into the Imamura Store and cares for the shop by herself as she lived each day as the present.
A girl is informed by her doctor that she is pregnant.  Surprised by the unexpected announcement falls into an anguish. The fleeting dream is a despairing dream.
Two brothers are in the spotlight: one a movie star making a football movie the other a musician who occasionally goes to school (to cover for his sibling). What will destiny bring them?
To sublimate the time-killer memories into something a girl tries to march forward clumsily to eliminate a merely existing monster using all her useless memories.
A girl who lives in Saigon Vietnam has a mother who sells cold coffee but after her mother's decease she has to leave school and take over the family business.
Peter Foldes / Geneviève Martin.
Watchmaker controls the time but the mouse living in the watchmaker's workshop controls the clocks... This is a film about time and its ephemeral nature.
The comparison of two rural families to demonstrate the need for proper hygiene and the consequences of its neglect.
A group of confectionary soldiers go to war against a neighboring cookie castle.
The moon and two owls sing to the Blue Danube Waltz celebrating the night. Moths dance around a candle flame fireflies glow frogs chorus and so forth.
Anpanman and Baikinman fight.
A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Earth. But the Z Warriors do their best to stop Slug and his gang.
Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help.
A prank call - courtesy of PES
In the wee hours of a young nut's life - courtesy of PES.
A small nut a sea - courtesy of PES
Early stop motion play from PES - with people skateboarding around.
A 3D printed stop-motion short film following a ukulele-playing girl who is chased through a dark forest by the monster that emerges from her own shadow.
An original metaphor of life visualized by the short lifetime of water droplets surviving as long as they can until they are exposed by their toughest natural enemy.
A short animated query exploring the perplexing affection that comes with an appreciation of the laws of physics.
In a roadside store a man lives in peace with their pets. In the basement the mice steal food but not enough to hurt the business. The arrival of a stranger mouse ends the grocery harmony.
An animated story from Sticky Monster Lab that simultaneously tells two stories - that of the father and that of the son.
'What Makes IMEM so FlyMem?' is a short promotional animation made by two second year IMEM students for the university of applied sciences NHTV.
Short animated film by Ryo Hirano.
Short animated film by Ryo Hirano.
Short animated film by Ryo Okawara
the making of the poster for the short film colormans
Short film by Kyle Mowat
A film in 13 parts.
He was called He Who Has Two Souls. He was beautiful as a woman. And handsome as a man. He hesitated.
Hand-drawn animation with ink gouache white-out and coffee
Hand-drawn animation with ink white-out and coffee
Hand-drawn animation with ink and white-out.
Hand-drawn animation with ink and white-out.
Hand-drawn animation with ink white-out and crayon.
Hand-drawn animation with ink and white-out.
Prince Charles tells a group of children the story of the Old Man of Lochnager based on the book he wrote.
Phineas and Ferb travel to a galaxy far far away to help out some rebel heroes.
The first animated film featuring the characters of the Chinese comic series Old Master Q. Features comedic shenanigans and a cameo by Bruce Lee.
A duo of acrobats go onstage one last time united under the spotlights even as their harmony backstage is broken.
A young boy is transported to a magical realm to become its hero.
A collage of colors and shapes intersect and flow - from Mirai Mizue
Line drawn animation journeying from individual cell through multiplication growth and formation. The cycle rises and falls twice.
Two schoolmates suspect their school teacher is a witch but their adventure only starts once they find out she is.
A very lazy boy whose mother can no longer stand watching him sleeping and eating all day long decides to set to work revealing unsuspected powers of imagination invention and perseverance.
An ode to Norman McLaren from Mirai Mizue
A short kaleidoscopic homage to Norman McLaren from Japanese artists Mirai Mizue and Yukie Nakauchi on the 100th anniversary of birth in 2014.
Animated short from Fla at the Sticky Monster Lab - tells the story of a loner whose life changes when he meets man's best friend.
Abstract shapes morph in and out of focus.
A portrait.
In their third animated adventure Old Master Q meets an extraterrestrial at a theme park.
PES heads to Muscle Beach in Santa Monica for a summer BBQ - but of course it turns a little different. Sponsored by Liptons.
An animated evolution of the driving power behind Honda vehicles - by PES
Short animated film by Mihaya Tanaka
Monster mayhem from Sticky Monster Lab with freedom brigades and secret spaceships.
Short animated film by Mihaya Tanaka
A 3D character run through the streets with waffle shoes
Pearl follows a father and daughter on the road together tracing his struggles to make it as a musician and parent and her coming-of-age and musical journey to fulfillment.
Bugs find himself in Camelot and is mistaken for a dwagon by Sir Elmer of Fudde.
White circles appear and disappear on a black surface.
The second Old Master Q film has him and friends go back in time to the days of the classic Chinese novel Water Margin.
Rectangles pulsate to an electronic sound loop.
A story about the day Death fell in love with Life through a beautiful doe.
Go! Princess Pretty Cure: Go! Go!! Gouka Sanbon Date!!! is the 19th movie produced by Toei Animation. The movie was released in Japanese cinemas on October 31 2015.
An abstract computer-generated animation set to music by Terry Riley.
The adventures of post-Soviet Russia's favorite son Captain Pronin.
This is one talented grenade!!!
A girl falls in love with her neighbour a boxer she can never hope to meet but the letter-birds will change her destiny forever.
A film-noir murder mystery that takes place in a sleazy hotel. As cops investigate the gruesome murders they become victims of this evil force.
Could little Heymon lead his friends escape from terrors safely? Yet the journey for seeking the refuge must go on.
The story on Arcadia's mystery on which the 13th television episode was based.
The film adapts a side story of the Planetarian visual novel.
This abbreviated short though never finished got into Siggraph’s Electronic Theater for 1994. An early Bob Sabiston animated short
Two stories featuring Marvel's anti-hero The Incredible Hulk and his encounters with the X-Man Wolverine and the god known as Thor.
Abstract images of frame-by-frame animation with subtle growing effects of crystals are enhanced by polarized colors.
Picture-processed photos from the artist-filmmaker’s family. Faces are abstracted in a divisionistic manner.
Music “Canzoni per sonar a quattro” by Giovanni Gabrieli performed by Elizabeth Cohen Max Mathews and Gerard Schwarz. Images generated by computer.
Computer generated images used as counterpoint to music “Fantasia &amp  In Nomine” by John Ward performed by Elizabeth Cohen Max Mathews and Gerard Schwarz.
Escher-like images stepping through the frames to the music of a jazz group. Delightful–shows a depth in the imagery not accomplished by computer before.
A swift moving assortment of moving images. Filmed from a color TV monitor that was computer controlled.
Computer-simulated disk galaxies that are superimposed and twirl through space in beautiful colors at different speeds.
This tape combines live-images filmed in the Yucatan with output from the Paik video-synthesizer ribboned with computer-generated images.
Filmed directly from color television controlled by computer programs. Beautifully flowing shapes that overlap and intertwine.
Changing parameters on mathematical equations.
Computer generated music and visuals films directly from a color TV monitor.
A playful concoction of computer produced images a few hand-animated scenes and shots of lab equipment. Made largely from left-overs from scientific research.
Twilight makes a potion that increases the ability of a pony. And Rainbow Dash takes it. Rainbow makes a double rainboom that leads her to Cartoon Network's The Powerful Girls.
Short animation by Al Jarnow based on the work of British poet Edward Lear. Made at NYU.
Jarnow's first work for Sesame Street and the Children's Television Workshop - yak is a goofy take on the letter Y.
Tondo introduces the cosmic formalism that was the primary theme of Al Jarnow's independent films. An infinite gridscape alternates with vibrating etchings spirograms and other surreal realities.
A 4 minute film based on flowing changing images from liquid-like faces to flashing abstract imagery.
A dummy watches the days go by from his little shop bored. But with the opening of a new store next to his his life will change forever.
Early experimental film from Zbigniew Rybczynski that broke new ground in the use of pixelation optical printing animation and other compositional film devices. Beautiful jazz score and color usage.
A clear-eyed look at the inevitability of our demise based on Philip Larkin’s poem of the same name.
Slated for inclusions on the Boston based Infinity Factory educational program alongside Map Projections Digging to China explores a familiar childhood activity on a global scale.
A companion piece to Cosmic Letter also produced for 3-2-1 Contact. Jarnow begins at his address in Brooklyn and zooms outward to the farthest reaches of the universe.
A short film made of cel drawings showing us how various mammals plants and objects all share similar skeletal structures. Produced for Sesame Street.
For Barbie and her sisters Skipper Stacie and Chelsea things don't go as planned on their camping trip.
A man sits with his cat on a lonely day and calls the operator asking if there is a number for God. Premiered on the BBC Culture Show and featured in The Animation Show Vol. 4.
A day in the life of young boy with a distorted vision of the world.  3 short little claymation episodes - Ricardo Discovers Sex Ricardo's Hero and Ricardo's Birthday.
A frenetic and poetic flight on the wings of classic Greek mythology.
Dark and humorous this extremely short film features a stream-of-conscious look at the writing process told with animated images straight from the subconscious or somewhere.
A first love is corrupted as a man recalls his affair with a beautiful circus contortionist in this stop-motion animation of wooden mannequins.
An artist meets a girl. Together they are discussing the past and the future of Jakarta a city above water.
In a restaurant kitchen a chicken dreams of escape and freedom while trying to survive a poultry race organised by the team of cooks.
Small alien robots land on Earth for a photo safari. Their encounter with a wild ape man will prove communication between the two species to be... difficult.
Lucia a little girl who is ill in a hospital is curious and wants to explore. She embarks on a nocturnal adventure.
This 3DCG film will cover the manga's Osaka Arc.
A short film about loneliness.
The caped crusader reluctantly agrees to let Batgirl and Nightwing take him on a long overdue vacation from crime-fighting while Superman and the Justice League watch over Gotham City.
Two rival armies camouflaged lying in wait guns at the ready.
Four holidaying children go missing then encounter a ghost and hoodlums in a dense forest.
Transformed into bold Musketeer or in bad little Indian adorable mikromegalo twitter Nimpls do what it can to create a problem to Tom in the name plate and the food!
Late 70's Korean movie similar to that of Gundam.
Split-screen bilingual stop-motion film in which two neighbours turn to technology in their search for companionship and acceptance.
The story follows the coming of age and Shinki battles of Tsubasa a boy who dreams of becoming a Shinki Master and his Shinki partner Arnval Mk. 2.  (Source: ANN)
While a couple walks along the river hunters hide behind a hill and friends in the forest recall the Dancer of Clavesana a metaphor of free love that slowly vanishes into the winter landscape
Here is a delicious apple. How would you like to eat it?
For people Father's Day is a celebration but for one small bird - an ordinary working day. And concerns are the same old - to get food for his family.
Animated short.
This is a short film made by Gondry as a birthday present for his friend Karen who likes to ride on her horse.
A stop motion film about a crotch biting sloup.
Mommy and Daddy have a problem
An animated view of the human body as an industrial manufacturing center.
As Dr. Tezla works at unlocking the mystery of the Accelechargers the Racing Drones unleash their most powerful weapon against the Acceleracers: the car-eating Drone Sweeper.
Experimental animation based on graphics.
In memory of the Japanese earthquake on 3.11 each director presents a 3 minute and 11 second short film in tribute to those who were lost that day.
Oswald is with his mates in a fox hunt but he finds his horse is stubborn and won't let him ride at first. Meanwhile the sly fox outwits the dogs and riders in pursuit at every turn.
Oswald the Rabbit enters an airplane race with a makeshift aircraft and ends up riding a dachshund lifted into the air by balloons. Meanwhile his peg-legged rival tries to cheat his way to victory.
Neon ghosts dreaming in dead landscapes.
An animesque short about a group of children screening their home-made film. This is also the precursor to the animated series Code Lyoko.
The world is a wonderful stage but its characters are disgraceful.
From the infinitely small to the infinitely large all things in the universe are tightly connected: they interact and restructure in a combination of movements and perpetual metamorphoses.
An angry girlfriend's infernal hunt of the man who broke her heart.
Pablo Neruda’s life unfolds and becomes the basis for the symbolic representation of his poem “Barcarola” intermixing live action still footage computer images dance and poetry.
Schwartz reordered and combined angular contours broken planes and distorted proportions in her own pictorial structures in an homage to Picasso's style.
A number of telephones from the very first invention by Alexander Graham Bell to the present-day cellular and voice phones are morphed in an inventive choreographic video.
A mother bird tries to teach her little one how to find food by herself. In the process she encounters a traumatic experience that she must overcome in order to survive.
A tragic Robot love story
A splendid chain of unlikely encounters. Hunters a tractor driver a disco boy and a corpse.
Tom sick of Jerry stealing the milk out of his bowl poisons it. Instead of killing the mouse the potion transforms him into a muscular beast.
Friendship love and the Bear. Lili tells us about her great adventure with a furry friend and all its ups and downs.
Thomas goes to the Great Railway Show and competes with some of the world's finest locomotives.
Please watch in high quality Story from North America by Garrett Davis and Kirsten Lepore Music written and performed by Garrett Davis
Bruce the gritter unwittingly makes an enemy as he carries out his job clearing the roads of snow.
A short musical tribute anime featuring characters from all-female manga artist collective Clamp.
LOVE is a short film describing affection in 3 different chapters through an impact on a distant solar system.
Resident Evil: Vendetta (also known as Biohazard: Vendetta) is an upcoming CGI animation movie. The movie is scheduled for 2017 release.
A house anchored to the coast. An artist on vacation. An isolated dreamscape. The unnameable is to come.
Compilation of D-TV music videos combining rock and R&amp B tunes with footage of Disney animation.
A Hallmark adaptation of Rapunzel.
A grumpy hedgehog trying to confess his love. Will he be able to overcome his insecurities? The struggle with fear as a short film.
Mammy Two-Shoes threatens to throw Tom out of the house if he makes a mess. Jerry sees an opportunity to rid himself of his feline nemesis.
audio from the UCSB Cylinder Archive
A lone wolf’s very special relationship with the moon—and the important impact it has across the natural world.
Nobita and friends engage in an all out robot war in this unofficial installment of the Doraemon series.
Hitler's Folly explores what might have happened if Adolf Hitler's art career had been more successful and instead of becoming an evil dictator he was inspired to become an animator like Walt Disney.
Drama represented by the arrest of Jafar Panahi... until he is freed. Freedom for Jafar Panahi and all imprisoned Iranian filmmakers.
The Caged Pillows is a story about the way we’ve come to communicate removing ourselves from human touch alone but together
Mammy Two-Shoes tells Tom and Butch that the cat who gets rid of the icebox-raiding breadbox-invading mouse (Jerry) is the one who can stay.
Ponders the possibilities of what awaits us at the end of our life.
Animation to the work of poet from Billy Collins
Short animated film by Qrais
Short animated film by Eri Eri Kinoshita.
A container filled with explosive or incendiary material designed to explode on impact or when detonated by a timing proximity or remote-control device. I want some breakfast and get on with my day.
First of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket.
A brief adventure tale set in a one dimensional world.
Three roomates a rhinoceros hippo and a wildebeest must confront their crocodile roomate Gerold about his poor habits.
A collection of unrelated sequences featuring people in various situations.
Tom's new book on how to catch a mouse doesn't prove too helpful against Jerry  actually Jerry seems to make better use of it than Tom.
A now-extinct species of cat spends its last minutes on Earth before destruction.
Story of the sky is a four minute folk tale animation a hopeful theme of a strong love between siblings and relying on family. With majestic illustrations
Wonder Woman Supergirl Batgirl Harley Quinn Bumblebee Poison Ivy and Katana band together to navigate the twists and turns of high school in DC Super Hero Girls: Hero of the Year.
A lego man comes to life to search for his lover.
Nieto shows an audience how to construct animation.
A short film inspired by the poetry of Billy Collins.
A compilation film recapping the entire series of Persona 4 The Animation with new footage.
It's spring and Tom is much more interested in the female cat next door than in Jerry.
For René Fustercluck life was bad the Apocalypse was awful and then Gordon arrived.
Ben Tennyson falls through a wormhole and encounters Rex. The two heroes must unite against a foe that can absorb their powers.
Tom chases Jerry into a bottle of invisible ink and Jerry then proceeds to have fun torturing Tom.
An everyday object is capable of transporting you into an exciting moment in time……..
Tom calls the exterminators but they send a cat who despite his various tools doesn't fare much better than Tom usually does.
Jacqueline has lost her mind a bit but whatever for her trip to the seaside she has decided to take the train by herself like a big girl!
Tom is dressed up and treated like a baby by the little girl of the house and he hates it aside from the bottle of milk that is. Jerry brings in some alley cats who tease Tom.
The adventures of a legendary hero who dazzled by the beauty of a princess in the hand asks. This imposes several trials he emerges victorious. Only death will eventually bring the two young men.
A statistical analysis of your life
The strange items that have come over to their house over the past dozen encounters has managed to tear the group apart but one of them finds much more than you'd or any theorists think.
The Minions need to raise $20 to purchase an as seen on TV banana blender. So they take up lawn mowing at an old folks home with hilarious antics!
The simple charming series follows Kanojo as she job hunts and experiences various changes in her life all while her cat Daru remains the supportive constant.
A girl finds herself in the middle of a room shrunk to the size of a bug.
Tom subjects Jerry to his usual harassment  but the cat finds a new enemy and the mouse finds a new friend in the canary of the house.
Mammy Two-Shoes replaces Tom with a younger cat who is a lightning-quick mouser. Tom and Jerry form an alliance in order to get rid of this dangerous newcomer.
Feline Jasper is given an ultimatum by his master: break one more thing and you're out! Rodent Jerry does his best to make sure that his tormentor gets the boot.
An animated documentary short about the central prison for women in the former GDR based on interviews with former prisoners.
These are the recollections of a group of men who bet everything on their bicycles. The central pillars of their respective teams the 3rd years. New stories revealing their pasts is about to begin!!
A young provoker draws a penis on a wall. This image initially meaningless is imitated throughout the country. It starts a media and social tidal wave that threatens the established order.
Made entirely by hand from cut marbled paper this odyssey of remnants re-imagines a dream-sequence love.
Beached Az is an animated cartoon series broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. It is shown on both ABC1 and ABC2.
Herman is a rat who lives alone in his messy apartment. One day a very tidy cat decides to move in.
In this animated pilot based on the SNL sketch The Coneheads come to conquer Earth but they soon find themselves becoming domesticated.
The Kagura Total Security Inc. gang is back with more guns and firepower then ever before.
A child will over come the odds to achieve her dream.
A small fish dreams of the beautiful world outside the fish tank.
A visual interpretation accompanying a reading of William Shakespeare's titular sonnet.
Created for MTV to be shown a year after the events of September 11 2001 based on a still image Dave McKean created for an artist’s book of responses to the same events.
Lupin investigates the kidnapping of a former love in Italy and is drawn into a game with an unknown enemy.
In a society where the greatest concern is the size and power of one’s wings nihilist Ciobeck tries to protect Moann. But how can one survive in a barren land populated by imprisoned-mind people?
Exploration of the connections between sex love and technology.
Tom is all set to eat Jerry when a hawk swoops down and grabs Jerry. To get Jerry back Tom poses as a female hawk and quickly finds his new lover to be more than he bargained for.
Tom hears a ghost story on the radio and is spooked by it  Jerry notices this and takes advantage of it using a variety of tricks to scare Tom.
Tom Thumb ends up in the court of King Arthur. Tom saves the day when someone tries to steal King Arthur's gold.
Under the motto Jung Ain't Junk No More Sammy Salvage collects junk that can be reused.
Death is a disease growing from the inside beneath the Shell. Cursed blessings trickling down tubes pushing hope through weak veins. Waiting for blissful Heaven to return. Heaven is Hell.
Conceived in 1944 but not realised until 1972 with the support of Robert Darroll.
If you couldn't die what would happen? “AGAIN” is a 2D short animation that explores the idea that life is a series of meaningless routines.
An old frustrated bird who cannot fly tries to ventilate his anger by attacking a worm.
A man's city routine and mechanical job drives him to liberate through his fantasies.
A man encounters a great surprise that might be unfortunate for his date.
Ghiblies (pronounced with a hard g as in gallop) is a short film aired during a TV special about Ghibli. It's about a fictional animation studio named Ghibli and the people who work there.
Animation and Music by Josh Shaffner Hand drawn animation mostly in-camera made from a series of 18 drawings.
lands) No more coffee. Hot air blowing through the dessert. Look further. The horizon rubbers.
A short anti-war animation set on a chessboard.
A little girl gets taken to the land of the dead where she learns the true meaning of the Mexican holiday Dia de los Muertos
This is the story of the internal struggle between a man’s Brain—a pragmatic protector who calculates his every move and his Heart—a free-spirited adventurer who wants to let loose.
A compilation of avant-garde artwork and talent of the mid to late 20th century hosted by Ryuichi Sakamoto.
Two surfers end up as Yellowstone park rangers and have to stop a former ranger who is out for revenge.
A love story between a fish and bird.
In the Fifth Year of the Keicho era the Tokugawa clan sought to solidify their control of Japan. Hidetada Tokugawa has come to the doorsteps of Ueda Castle with the intentions of having ...
Nona (9) Pascal (a talking calculator) and Viktor (a jumpy pocket knife) are trying to steal a meatball from the fridge. But the meatball has plans of his own... and he sings as well....
In a typical fifties diner a gangly teenager tries to rock'n'roll with the prettiest girl on the dancefloor but is opposed by an importunate cool dude and a stammering jukebox.
A long time ago a winged maiden was held prisoner in a castle - cursed never to experience love lest she die. Centuries later in a sleepy coastal town a young girl relives this agony.
Television special that served as a prequel to the theatrical film One Piece Film: Gold.
Everything you always wanted to know about pornography (but were afraid to ask).
In a distant future where the night has devoured the day the inhabitants of a mutating world feed exclusively on artificial light.
Disguised as schoolgirls 2 superheroines would rather goof off instead of saving the Earth from gigantic monsters.
Beings with supernatural powers join together to fight against supernatural villains.
A composer is afflicted by a strange illness: he can hear every noise in the world. Through his music he will find a way to keep the noise under control.
One of Otto Messmer's most unusual Felix cartoons. It portrays Felix as an inebriated feline being chased by all kinds of demons only to be welcomed by the greatest demon of all the angry wife.
Tara Markov is a girl who has power over earth and stone  she is also more than she seems. Is the newest Teen Titan an ally or a threat? And what are the mercenary Deathstroke's plans for the Titans?
An unlikely friendship forms between a Hatchling and a worm she adopts.
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
Short film release
A white cat own a mill but lose the mill to a black cat and the devil. Latvian animation.
A meek office worker finds himself flung into a fantasy world as a naked muscleman. An early version of the Den character known from the comic magazine Heavy Metal and the movie by the same name.
Classic tale of the poor gooseboy getting even on the rich and haughty feudal lord
Joe Pera makes an honest attempt to talk you to sleep using mild jokes and low-key stories.
A grieving woman moves through a churchyard at night and attracts the attention of one of the stone guardians of the church.
A lost puppy learns a lesson about the importance of family in this charming Hungarian animated feature.
Extraman Hurk Nefastor and Steelman were once the protectors of their city. Now in their 60's they still hold a grudge with their nemesis and hope their children will help them with their last battle.
Redback has to find red peppers in the wood and discovers a bio-industry of carnivorous plants but gets captured. Red-end sets Redback free by sabotaging the meat factory.
A beautiful film
A normal guy is cursed by a demon and now he has the ability to turn into a skeleton but the only way he can lift the curse is that he will have to do dirty work for the demon known as THE VOID
A recap special that will feature the battles of Alma and Knight. The past story of Knight will be described with new animations.
An animated comedy that features WWE Superstars providing their own voices while matching up against talking animals.
Animated documentary highlighting the importance of protecting the environment and conserving it through the care and cultivation of flora and fauna.
Scotland late 1950s. A struggling illusionist visits an isolated community and meets a young lady who is convinced that he is a real magician.
Daigo Asahina is Medaka Gumi #2's/Me Gumi's new rookie firefighter and already he's done crazy things like throwing people off of a rooftop to save them from an explosion. He had good ...
The outrageous Baron Munchausen tells of his many adventures from meeting the Man in the Moon to defeating a Turkish army all by himself.
Mai's a super counselor with blazing sex appeal who specializes in solving her clients' bedroom problems - and male clients are preferred!
A spin-off of Assassination Classroom.
A Ginga Kikoutai Majestic Prince movie with an original story.
The story of Lupe &amp  Bruno she is in love and he doesn't seem interested. The story unfolds at the public transport stop as they grow up.
In a world where wishes are granted by creatures that live under fountains an apathetic wishgranter is forced to go above ground to grant a wish of love.
Cast :Deng Xiaoting Zhao Ben Bai Wenxian Sun Yajun  Comedy / Animation
a man wakes up on a normal day then he feels a little queer.
Winner of the grand prize at the 1946 Venice Biennale
The life cycle of a man from childhood to death.
A day in the life of a tower block of flats where the two main vertical channels of communication are the lift and the drain.
Chris Ware's comic strip character comes to life.
The film depicts the creation of the world through playful images that draw parallels with the creative process associated with art
The first Terrytoons animated short
Originally part of a sound scape exercise in my second year at Newport university. Bluuuurgh is also part of the traveling spike and mike sick and twisted show.
Part of a lip sync project with archived sounds at the royal college of art which featured chopped up sounds from several interviews taking from the National War Museum.
When Captain 3D puts on his 3D glasses he discovers a new world where he must save the most charming young ladies from the scariest monsters that only exist in our favourite comics.
The now 50 year old Scientific Boys Club decides to build a ship with which they plan to sail to Mars on the Ethereal Current curious to see if there is life on Mars.
A shy Manami holding in a confident Nami go through many trials as a relative named Toru aids in Manami coming to terms with her split personality.
Fabio helps Dimitri so that his friend can finally meet Linda. On their way they meet a duck and her ducklings.
A group of sisters are the only ones who can pilot a mysterious robot to save the world from an unknown alien life-form.
Young Rapper Rick. E gives a teddy bear to a girl who doesn't like it and throws it away. But then she wants it and it's up for Santa to give her a bear. Rick. E also busts rhymes.
Nobody likes a crying baby on board a train least of all the lady who makes the announcements.
Things are not quite as they appear in this love story by Dutch director Paul Driessen as the attraction between two people is thwarted by unexpected geometric complications.
Four hyperactive kids one station wagon and 1200 kilometres of road make for a difficult car trip in this funny autobiographical film by Canadian director Greg Holfeld.
At once surreal and poignant this semi-autobiographical film by American director John Dilworth (Courage the Cowardly Dog) chronicles a turning point in the life of an artist.
A castaway's efforts to make contact with would-be rescuers finally leads to his discovery but his savior has plans of his own in Dutch director Frodo Kuipers' desert island saga.
When Ujbaz Izbeneki descends into Hell nobody is prepared for the chaos that follows in this twisted comedy from U.K. filmmaker Neil Jack.
Keith Reynolds is excited about Promotion Day for it will finally make him a success and win the attention of Sarah. But things don't quite go as planned in English director Felix Massie's debut film.
A swimming champion longs to recover his lost childhood in French directors Tom Haugomat and Bruno Mangyoku's haunting film about nostalgia memory and the disappointments of adult life.
Inspired equally by observations of everyday life in shopping malls and the music of the band Tupika Polish director Robert Proch's highly stylized film is a biting satire of modern consumer behavior.
The story begins romantically continues as a farce turning into a thriller but ends up as a high tragedy.
Part police procedural part mood piece the only thing that's clear in Czech director Martin Zivocky's strikingly stylized film noir is that nothing is clear.
Bulgarian director Martin Georgiev's film traces the evolution of a particle in a black-and-white geometrical world where the choices it makes will shape its form and its form will shape its choices.
A man takes the subway. Inside his brain a countdown clock hits zero and a little person prepares for lift-off. The man sneezes.
An adaptation of Walt Curtis's poem The Time The Drunk Came To Town And Got Drunker Than A Skunk or So He Thought. about a Cowboy town that torments the local drunk.
A surrealistic tale including three young girls and anthropomorphic cakes.
A man visiting a beach is interested in the unattended young children that he sees. A warning against child sexual slavery.
Everything that is alive is hungry  seed is hungry for light bird is hungry for flight man is hungry for the touch of another. The seed of longing grows into what feeds us.
Snowfall is the story of an anxious young man who has a moving experience at a friend's house party. It's a story of fleeting love of mixed emotions and of how we interact with each other.
All the workers in a factory have been instructed to paint stripes on the boxes. The work is getting done in the usual mundane way until one of the workers decides to paint the boxes differently.
The sailor's luck is drawn on his skin.
Whale-hunters dodge icebergs while tracking their prey.
A bored future society starts to come alive with the addition of primary colors as its world gradually becomes a groovy hippy paradise.
Will Mavity's animated autobiographical tale about his family and a neurotic game they play on road trips.
A young boy discovers that daycare can be a harsh and confusing experience where caring is shown in unexpected ways in American director Jason Carpenter's sensitive film based on a true story.
A penguin and a gorilla team up to lead the other animals in revolt against a zookeeper who just won't leave them alone in American director Nicole Mitchell's comedic short film.
The vampire Alucard and his newly sired ward Seras tries to protect England from a war-crazed SS-Major who seeks to start an eternal war with his vampire army.
Alucard Walter and Seras defend Sir Integra and the Round Table Conference from an attacking ghoul army led by the Valentine Brothers.
The Major sends Zorin and her troops to destroy Hellsing Headquarters. Seras and Pip Captain of the Wild Geese fight for Britain and their lives.
Enrico and the Vatican forces arrive in London and start to attack the Millenium forces and the few still living civilians. But soon Alucard arrives to to the carnage. Hell will sing.
Alucard faces off with father Anderson. Meanwhile the Major starts to put his last parts of his plan into motion.
Four grown wolves and a little one chase a sheep through the night. Little Wolf stops captivated by the moon. He catches hold of it and then the moon rises with Little Wolf hanging on.
On a night out with the lads one individual decides that there is more to socializing than mere face value.
Beautiful ragged animation all flowing lines morphing one thing into another. Land becomes bull becomes man becomes cat set to propulsive music by Goran Mikulec.
Wile E. finally catches the Road Runner in a glass cage but can't figure out how to get him out.
An upper middle class white young girl leaves her suburban family in shock when she moves in with her lover an Afro-Latino trumpeter.
Elmer takes up wildlife photography
Mobile Police Patlabor Reboot is a part of the Patlabor franchise that showcases multiple anime live-action manga light novel and video game adaptations.
Sequel to Lupin the Third: Daisuke Jigen's Gravestone
A homeless orphan an animalistic little kid escapes the big city into the darkness of the woods. It’s there that this kid meets a creature mightier than ever imagined.
Story about how the plasticine heroes Any and How paint factorys fence. The film makes fun of slackers and bungler.
Cyrus annoys all his companions with his new friend Toasty the toaster so they decide to get rid of it.
A small dog will do anything to get outside. Anything.
At the end of 21st century mankind was facing global resource depletion. Space Rovers were sent out to find potentially habitable planets.
A low-rent bounty hunter named Rod Rosse The One Man Posse gets entangled in a web of danger when he takes on a job from an ex-biker/ex-wrestler turned U.S. senator named Deathface.
Add the plot.
Sometime in the future an old man equipped with the benefits of evolution survived the extinction of all other living beings. It is a very lonely world for someone unable to die.
Hand-drawn animation with ink white-out and coffee. 
Barbie and her sisters go to an island paradise for a dance competition but they must work together as a team to find their pets after their furry friends go missing at a horse festival.
After a man dies in a car accident a four-faced automaton conducts a job interview for him.
Master Wu gets into a conflict with Chicken.
George and Jane Jetson scold Elroy for his terrible behavior hi-jinks ensue.
A sensual trip to fantastic worlds – the special musical experience!  The speed of life carried on waves of uncountable emotions. No idea what lies ahead but remembering what was...
The old Fedora so launched a household that all housewares and tableware were angry at her and decided to leave the house.
The Family Circus celebrates Valentine's with arts crafts and love.
Aki Tesno lives in a poor village at the bottom of a valley. One day a man from an uptown city asks Aki to rescue a kidnapped girl.
A recap OVA that portrays the first half of the series Heavy Metal L-Gaim..
A recap OVA that portrays the second half of the series Heavy Metal L-Gaim.
Chirico visits an oasis town and meets Gotho and his friends for the first time in 32 years.
A surreal miniature portrait of epic proportions takes place in a sunny Spanish beach.
The prologue for ef - a tale of memories released on a separate DVD two months before the premiere of the TV series.
A remake of an earlier Silly Symphony retells the story of an outcast duckling whose search for a family to accept him leads to constant rejection before learning his true identity as a swan.
Alan Brown uses divine powers of precognition to foresee the fate of mankind... and breakfast. Meanwhile Wendy has had enough of being married to 'the next step in cognitive evolution.
A recently blinded boy must learn to re-build his world through his remaining senses.
Peace reigns between Terrorists and Policemen in a secluded and strange Hotel. Useless for the first time they fight against boredom while the world around them slowly crumbles.
During a scorching summer in the village an old woman tries to bring back her late husband by means of twisted rituals.
Marcel the shell is out of sight.
The scientists of Jurassic World create a captivating and terrifying new creature that loves hot dogs. But what happens when the hot dogs run out?
A sunny day in the country. A family of animals find a good place for a picnic. Nearby another animal is grazing peacefully. But the bucolic atmosphere of this picnic rapidly degenerates.
When a ruthless brothel madame murders Jonah Hex's current quarry the disfigured bounty hunter plans to make her pay.
The story is about the Princess Irene and a young warrior boy named Curty. Irene must use her magic power to fight off goblins and save the kingdom.
Educating citizens about their human and civil rights.
In the woman’s room memories constantly accumulate and disappear like dust. The man spends his time in this room creating futile little games with woman’s memories.
Short animation inspired by traditional folk songs telling the story of a young boy torn between two potential brides one rich and one poor.
In A Pond Full of Pigs Rags causes a disaster when he mistreats someone's Pig Horn and in Patches' Present Patches' birthday surprise is ruined until the gang runs into a room of elephants.
The first movie will be a compilation of last year's television anime series with new story sequences while the second movie will be an entirely brand-new work.  Source: ANN
A blue dwarf and a red dwarf get into a vicious argument. Each ultimately calls upon a matching giant to protect them with unexpected results.
In the main events of Ice Age: Collision Course Scrat is captured by Scratazons who take away his acorn. Now Scrat must rescue his Acorn and escape before the aliens can catch him.
Seiko while suspended from school goes to Nagasaki where she finds herself involved in a murder mystery.
Every winter a magical snowman puts on a show for a little girl. But over time life pulls them apart. Will she remember to take the time for what she loved?
sequel to other Tri Bogatyrya movies
The Ladybug has been taken prisoner. Now she is living in a teensy tiny matchbox and plotting her escape.
After being evicted from their old house by Tom's owner for causing major damage cat and mouse Tom and Jerry enter a race entitled the Fabulous Super Race to win a mansion.
A clever little monkey remembers to keep his wits about him when the bigger monkeys encroach on his bounty of bananas.
my old friend enjoys moves his spine.
As the seasons change so too do the fortunes of the forest creatures.
An apprehensive homeless girl must traverse a dangerous wintry city in order to escape her adorable pursuers.
A music-filled story of a little girl who fulfills her dreams and becomes a happy young woman despite a few obstacles.
A sky-high story about the upwards adventure of a young boy.
A little boy pulls out one Martian toy from a vending machine and it turns into a real alien who takes him to his planet where he is surronded by the toys from the vending machine but much bigger.
Pedro a bird who cannot fly in sync with his flock decides to branch out on his own.
Imagine that a small piece of wood can determine such large fortunes for us humans. And a ladybug can off even fall in love in a red dice with black spots.
Four short loosely connected stories of attempted suicide each with a very distinct visual style based on the Jeffrey Lewis song of the same name. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E27_J-r4YWE
A teenage boy moves to his aunt's house as he is transferred to a new school and finds out his cousin claims to be an alien.
Animated short.
The history of the Arashikage Clan as well as the history of Snake Eyes and Storm Shadow's rivalry are examined through a series of trials.
Pettson and Findus find themselves snowed in their house. The little cat is scared that Christmas is ruined but Pettson promises that they will celebrate the best Christmas ever.
Adrienne goes back to Poland where she was born to see her grandmother and ask her family about communism.
Animated short.
Four adventures including 'Postman Pat's Popstars' 'Postman Pat At The Seaside' 'Postman Pat And The Job Swap Day' and 'Postman Pat's Disappearing Dotty'.
Second part of charming sci-fi animation film about world of Geona.
Break out the mango chutney because everyone wants a piece of him! The gingerbread man story re-imagined with a bollywood twist.
In a small English Town square a struggling painter does battle with a bee to protect his final masterpiece from the insect's tiny hands.
Infiltration follows Reaper Widowmaker and Sombra as they attempt to assassinate a high-priority target. But when the operation doesn't go as planned the Talon agents are forced improvise...
A deceased farmer is buried by his hated brother the vicar. Worms inhabit the corpse discovering they've full control over it. The dead farmer awakens.
Brilliantly mixing animated sequences and archival footage Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre paints a touching portrait of virtuoso pianist Oscar Peterson.
A 13-year-old boy whose parents are killed in the Second Sino-Japanese War finds vengeance as a key player in the village resistance.
Mini-Movie spin-off from Pets
Norman a lost guinea pig wanders in the pipe through apartments in New York and his main recreation during his adventure is to see how the apartment residents live - with popcorn and remote controls.
Two creatures fall in love weaving a colourful world together. but when darkness threatens to consume one of them the other must fight to stay together or risk being torn apart.
A modern take on a classical tale about the musicians from the town of Bremen.
Rabbit Max a juvenile shoplifter gets trapped in an old-fashioned school. With rabbit girl Emmy he acquires Easter Rabbits' secret skills battles a sneaky fox family and learns about friendship.
Two kids are saving their mom.
A young woman spends the evening alone at home. She decides to give herself a treat but not everything works out as smoothly as she imagined.
A mash-up of several classic Disney films The Makeover is about a woman who spends all of her time cleaning up for her partner until a fairy intervenes.
Based on the Russian amusing tales about resourceful and cheerful soldier.
In this funny and inventive animation Paul Cabon shows us that you can come to terms with going bald but that you don’t have to like it.
Trolls have a fun time pulling pranks on unsuspecting humans near a campsite and they compete to see who can pull off the best prank.
In a sleepy little town that never changes five foster kids discover a secret they weren't supposed to uncover. Now that they know the secret nightmares come to life devouring everyone in sight!
A view of the future of civilization presented through the lens of provocative themes such as energy consumption freedom of information crime and punishment.
Long ago in a faraway land a young wizard's apprentice named Alerik discovers a pathway under the wall that surround his land to a shining city alive with the magic of Christmas.
Tulip must learn to set her personal interests aside to make her way through a mysterious train and help the king of all corgis save his people.
Their last dinner before he leaves to join the Army. The reality of the situation begins to break in through the four surrounding walls.
A contemporary take on Lady Macbeth summoning up her demons. A mix of live action and animation.
A poor girl was given an impossible task by her stepmother: to gather snowdrops in a winter forest. Suddenly she stumbled across twelve brothers who happened to be the twelve months.
A comically big space being called Mr. Night runs around the neighborhood turning everything dark with the touch of his finger to turn day into night.
Following a shopping frenzy a young man gives himself a journey to the end of the world.
Daily life living in Hong Kong.
A knight and his wife live in a small house in the middle of nowhere. Every day he fights passing knights and is rewarded by his wife with lots of love and delicious meals.
A man leads a monotone humdrum existence until he meets somebody.
Animated short.
The little puppy Aston finds a lonely a cold stone in the forrest a decides to bring it home a care for it. Based on the childrens bokk with the same name.
Motu and Patlu are your home-grown Laurel and Hardy in an animation avatar. They befriend a circus lion Guddu and attempt to save the jungle from a greedy poacher.
Martin is an unscrupulous chap who has never cared about anyone but himself until he meets Irina a Russian girl.
Director Theodore Ushev uses his own blood to animate struggles with injustice in the world.
In December 2011 a security guard was killed by a pack of stray dogs prowling in a poor neighbourhood on the Bogota suburbs.
A brief statement on inner and outer beauty...
An Ophelia-style self portrait of the director.
The misadventures of a goofy family deformed by toxic waste.
Original story written by the mangaka of Kuroko no Basket Tadatoshi Fujimaki.
A germaphobe Nigel being stuck in the filthy restroom of the company that he is about to have a job interview. Can he escape the restroom to make his interview on time?
Fifth movie in the Mobile Suit Gundam The Origin series focusing on the Battle of Loum.
Peter Nestler illustrates a poem by Hans Sachs from 1540.
Myosis is the constriction of the iris which decreases the diameter of the pupil. It is an unconscious phenomenon which can be triggered by an intense light fear or the effect of epiphany.
Carl is a cheerful serial killer who is constantly being yelled at by his roommate Paul. Paul dislikes Carl's unstoppable killings and eventually decides to leave.
In this dog world a hard-to-crack police officer tries to uncover a truth about Biscroc's theft.
A day in the life of Sharon as she struggles with a recent divorce and a current perception problem.
A short video produced for Toho Cinemas featuring Minions from the Despicable Me franchise and Godzilla. The Minions interact with the Toho logo.
Game of Thrones: Complete History and Lore Part V
Game of Thrones: Complete History and Lore Part VI
The collection of six rhymes which retell classic fairytales with different twists and endings were written by Dahl in 1982.
New project by Hiromasa Yonebayashi.
Short animation film
A humorous examination of the concept of home based on the dual definition of the word habitat.
A suicidal pigeon contemplates existence.
Depart at 22 is a poetic animated short about growing old and the fear of losing the beauty of youth.
When you do a thing that you like you can forget it is just another routine. And then you lose it what else is there to do? Go and ask the barman I only make coffee right?
If you were a little hairy Mushroom Monster how far would you go to get your paws on the biggest mushroom ever?
Koyaa tackles everyday situations in his own wacky way.
This is a story about humans and things where people wander searching trying to find and wants to be found about lost and found buttons and about the invisible yarns that connects.
While looking for a missing limb on a junkyard Jack discovers what he really misses is a friend.
The real episode 1 of Detective Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.
Elsa Anna and friends search for the Northern Lights.
In a world where balloons are filled with the light of film a father must find the time to pop one with his son before it loses its light forever.
Compilation film of the first half of the TV series.
Compilation film of the second half of the TV series.
A compilation film of the Ansatsu Kyoushitsu TV series featuring anime-only epilogue scenes not originally in the manga.
Humorous ode to maize glorifying the dignity of maize in agriculture.
An animated film series based on the Ao Oni game. It will feature a new story.
Abstract geometric diagrams come to life.
A short music video about a girl and her pet hamster.
A short story about a girl and her pet dog.
A short animated film about a maltreated child who’s longing for his drunkard single parent father’s love.
Some things in nature only happen once in a long while. In The Right Way several of them occur in the same place on the same day.
Three rocks attempt to cross a river.
A story about cooperation.
A train struggles to stay on track.
Danny gets caught up in a time traveling adventure and discovers a future where his family and friends have been killed and he has become the most powerful and evil ghost in the world.
A short film drama about a parent-child relationship.
Ena a passionate firefighter is very involved in her job. Her fascination for fire flourishes as much as it impacts her family life.
Lead singer Oderus Urungus loses his murderous-mojo prompting the rest of the band to embark on an Antarctic quest for the cure.
The cartoon character Tex falls in love with the 'real flesh and blood' girl Evie who is of Antillean origin. He tries to connect to Evie's group of friends who are very much into long boarding.
A forgotten lasagna mutates into a monster.
A giant whale appears and flies above Sakura New Town. With the whale’s sound of crying some changes occur to Kenta Amano and Yokai.
Finding out what is atop a sunbeam.
Trapped on a mysterious planet the Vesta One Command Crew must battle isolation and hidden threats.
Six heroes the Toa fight against the evil Makuta's forces which are threatening the beautiful island of Okoto.
A young couple an unplanned pregnancy and a choice.
A film about an act of nature in the mountains caused by a strong downpour.
New short Lou directed by Dave Mullins.
A girl on a bike races a boy up a hill.
Gentlemen can be perverts too.
Revolutionaries from the Yatsushima nation try to rescue their surrendered master.
A bad man becomes a superhero and goes on a rampage.
A segment for Image Forum Festival 2005's Tokyo Loop
Anthology with Cranes is a 17th Century scroll painting by Sotatsu Tawaraya measuring over 13 meters long. Koji Yamamura attempts to decipher this painting by interpreting it as animation.
A lonely man lives with his pet on a small island and longed to get to 'other people.'
Follows a woman as she becomes fully awake.
A young woman follows a trail of colored threads that leads deep into a thick dark forest untangling them as she goes hoping to find the answers to her lingering fears.
Told with animation and live-action 'Drained' tells the story of how a man's selfish addictions can destroy the woman he cares for.
An animated documentary about the love and loss of a beloved 1992 Dodge van.
A story set alongside the video game Final Fantasy XV starring one of its main characters Noctis and his friends.
Man hunts but The Devil preys.
A homeless man seeks shelter in an abandoned building unaware of the horror that waits for him.
Experimental animation/live-action short by Dušan Vukotić
Travis and his sister Whitney visit their grandparents for the summer and fall through a magical portal which transports him to the world of American hero Paul Bunyan and his big blue talking ox Babe.
The story takes place in a harbor town where a gloomy middle school student named Kai meets a mermaid named Lu.
Two unusual looking kids escape to a better place.
A cinematic devotional book. Based on interviews with an unemployable sufferer (and his fellows) living in the East German countryside. Who lost his memory in 1989 and woke up into several nightmares.
Washington Irving's tale of Ichabod Crane and the headless horseman is brought to life narrated by Bing Crosby.
An adventure with Gomira.
Join Ash &amp  Pikachu on an adventure in the twentieth Pokémon movie!
Travel around the brain with a little lost thought and discover what it takes to make a great idea.
Three parties pursue the million dollars that driver Xiao Zhang stole to help out his girlfriend.
In the midst of this world where every person every action must be held accountable a young man must prove his worth.
The entire Norwegian police favorite is back! In Pelle police go in the water And our dear friend fight with the sneaky environmental criminals Brothers Badger along with his little friend Oda Otter.
Masamune Shirow presents a story about the Dominion Tank Police dealing with terrorists taking over the NT Building with AI driven tanks.
Painful events become memories over time. Still we vomit and eat again. Life is Eco.
Another adventure.
Detective Conan: Crimson Love Letter is the twenty-first installment of the Case Closed film series based on the manga series of the same name by Gosho Aoyama.
A short movie spin-off from 'Storks'.
An unapologetic take on the vicious cycle of earning too little and consuming too much.
An unapologetic warning about how complacent we can be.
Made with the filmmaker’s blood a testament to the ideals that we fight and die for.
Flik introduces some of his friends to the audience and educates them why bugs shouldn't be seen as pests but more as friends.
I have lost my interest in any kind of social activities after my nose leave me.
One night when all the women are abducted from the village Sabri Firildak and his friends enter a magical forest to get their wives back.
Extra scenes of the movie Resurrection F where future Trunks remembers the battle of Goku againts Freezer.
Tom and Jerry need to learn to work together in order to help Sherlock Holmes with an investigation of a jewel theft. But still they are cat and mouse!
Tillie finds the adventure of a lifetime with none other than Herman - a fire breathing dragon.
Follow the adventures of Johnny Thunder and his gang as they search for Marco Polo's treasure across India through the Himalayas and into China.
Johnny Thunder searches for The Heart of Osiris in Egypt.
A boy finds the moon.
A man must find the ultimate solution to rescue his wife on the collapsing side of a huge gap.
Two astronauts attempt to plant their flag on a newly discovered planet. But first they need to get rid of some pesky aliens whose business there is unknown.
An embarrassed Statue of David is humiliated by the other museum artworks for his nudity and must escape the museum.
At an archaeological dig outside of Cairo 1920 an amazing discovery is made that could turn all previous knowledge of the pyramids on it's head all subject to a camel's appetite.
Formerly the kingdom's foundations now the Efficus Manjuu makes the pocket money of its three princesses and they must step in on its defense...
A fisherman in a storm has a strange encounter.  Short student film from ENSAV La Cambre in Brussels.
The history of Expressionism summed up in 6 absolutely terrifying minutes.
A woman's dark and absurdist nightmare vision comprising a continuous recitation of the alphabet and bizarre living representations of each letter.
Some animated cats singing a song claiming we are cats and that is that. However some of these cats are humanoids with cat skin - is there a deep meaning to this surrealist YouTube work after all?
The Dog a cute dog that everybody likes flies through the sky until he comes across the Dog of Wisdom a mighty canine deity who dispense wisdom through his Wisdom Tooth.
A very brief history of time and how it has been measured from the dawn of time to the dawn of digital watches.
A retelling of the classic Canadian / American tall tale of the enormous lumberjack and his loyal companion an equally huge blue ox.
Chema is an expat architect from Spain who lives in Amsterdam. He has built up a new life there as a wind-up toy maker. He creates small pieces of art from recycle items.
Old Grandpa mouse tells to his grandchildren the real story of the Titanic disaster including evil sharks a giant octopus and an evil whaling scheme.
A short animated dance film about Greek hero Achilles.
Music video for Jin's seventh published song created for IA Project's compilation album IA/01 -BIRTH-.
Princess Alise Lucas and their royal woodland friends are going undercover on a secret spy adventure!
A young man falls in love with a ghost and must avoid a variety of ghostbusters out to eliminate her and each other.
Based on the manga classic by Keiko Takemiya.
A propaganda film during World War II about a boy who grows up to become a Nazi soldier.
A 3D visual vapor release by James Webster
It's ALIVE and ready to deliver nonstop comedy in Steve Oedekerk's outrageous spoof on a classic horror film...
A film about aggression and escalation.
A lamb's parents are shocked because their little lamb doesn't sound like the other sheep  it says moo instead of baa.
Ilya Muromets has to rescue his trusty horse Burushka and Kiev treasury from the greedy hands of famous bandit Solovey-Razboynik.
I made this film especially for you. I needed to check in with you. I needed to tell you how I feel.
Monster High: Electrified
A plea against the building of walls that divide and restrict freedoms through the animation of 102 graffiti by artists from around the world painted on the largest section of the Berlin Wall.
In an isolated and unknown place during a war a child is forced to flee. Along the way he sees horse corpses everywhere. Only dead horses. Why? Why have the horses decided to kill themselves?
Bear's hat is gone. None of the animals have seen it. He is starting to become despondent until his memory is sparked by a deer who asks just the right question.
Follow Jimmy Neutron and Carl Wheezer as they find out how to stop King Goobot and his schemes in the world of Nicktoons.
Dick Dastardly and Muttley have kidnapped Elroy Jetson. Yogi Bear and Boo Boo pilot a rescue mission time warping through Bedrock Scooby-Doo's Haunted Castle and Jetsons City.
Every day with the help of a small chick a little girl with dog ears tries to hide eggs in order to keep them from being eaten.
8-year-old insomiac Ralf warns his brother Crumbs of all of the dangers that lurk in the shadows waiting to devour the two of them.
A musical directly animated on film where the leitmotiv is the circle and its variations.
About the loss of a mother with her unexpected exuberance but who also cries Puccini melodies.
The bravest adventurer at The League of Interplanetary Process Servers attempts to deliver 30 subpoenas throughout the universe in only ten minutes.
Somebody broke the girl's parents. The rabbit was there when it happened. It was an awful mess.
A satirical take on dentistry.
Garfield's Thanksgiving finds Jon with a love interest - a veterinarian who orders Garfield on a diet - and then comes for Thanksgiving dinner!
Blind evolution. Seemingly arbitrary stages of the evolution in black-and-white drawings on rough paper.
A boy is afraid to leave his oasis because of the spirit waiting for him outside.
A mash-up of 100 years of animated characters.
Animator Thomas Stellmach's first cartoon produced at the Academy of Art in Kassel.
Polar Adventure is a new russian cartoon
Mr. Magoo's take on 1001 Arabian Nights.
Eugene wonders if there really is a God. After all he can't see Him so how can he believe without visual proof?
An ambitious king seeks the help of a beaver to build him a castle.
A moustachioed satellite who lives in space shows the Glutonous Pumpkin's world.
An ant dreams of visiting the Taj Mahal.
A short film featuring Dante from PIXAR's Coco.
First part of Free!: Timeless Medley
A touching story about human loneliness and a fight with self-esteem that leads to isolation.
Kimura finally has his championship match. It takes place at the annual champion carnival. But now he must face the intense champion Mashiba for the Junior Lightweight championship.
In the futuristic city of Olympus built on the ashes of the third world war a police officer and her cyborg partner fight terrorism.
An invading army destroys all color in a harmless town and brings it in a state of depression. Then a jester arrives.
A raindrop falls from a leaf and seeps into the earth. Within it is permeated by beauty cruelty happiness and sadness.
A man prepares and goes to work in a bizarre world where the meaning of human workforce is taken to another level.
In this episode Akira Fudo (aka Devil Man) fights more demons trying to kill him. The strongest enemy sent from demon's world is Silen the demon bird.
A farmer accidentally creates a self-procreating iron Pegasus.
Scooby and the gang experience outdoor fun as they go back to Fred's old summer camp.
Yogi Boo Boo and Cindy are awakened from hibernation and join their friends' Christmas activities while interfering with 2 villians' efforts to ruin the holiday.
Four children learn the origins of Halloween customs while trying to save the life of their friend.
Pac-Man and friends try to help Santa fix his sleigh and save Christmas!
Dodger the Milk Truck The Three Musketrucks Dodger's Dairy Disaster Scrambler the Goat Herder Packer's Big Delivery
Scrat comes across a time machine and is transported to various times all in pursuit of his beloved acorn.
Year 2050 aliens have eliminated half of the population on Earth.
Contains memorable scenes from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Fantasia Lady and the Tramp Peter Pan One Hundred and One Dalmatians and The Sword in the Stone.
Two Octopi fight for their lives with a stubborn restaurant cook in a comical escape through the streets of a small Greek village.
The short film 8BITS shows the struggle between retro 8-bit games and high tech CG games.
At an airport the Emerald Archer must protect a young princess from assassins.
The story of a cat who legend has it longs to become human.
Fancy Free' 'Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: Bongo about a circus bear escaping to the wild and Mickey and the Beanstalk a take on the famous fairy tale.
A young girl must spend six years making sweatshirts out of poison ivy in order to save her six brothers which have been turned into swans by an evil sorceress.
A nosy reporter wants to find out all she can about Dr. Seuss aka Ted Geisel and gets told the real facts by several of his characters with large snippets of his stories and songs interspersed.
A boy walks down the street and as he goes along his strides increase. Eventually he leaps over towns forests and oceans seeing many things and surprising many people along the way.
Animated version of the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical about when the King of Siam meets a head strong English school mistress.
Three completely different stories are told through dance.
Commando Daffy Duck goes behind enemy lines and causes havoc for a Nazi German officer and his troops.
A fine day in the life of a fly presented completely from the fly's point of view. A fine day until something dreary happens that is.
It's the little things that really hurt.
Cloe Sasha Yasmin and Jade get zapped into Fairy Tale Land and star as Rapunzel Snow White Red Riding Hood and Cinderella together in one big movie!
The film follows Hiccup and his young fellows accompanying their mentor Gobber on a quest to kill the legendary Boneknapper Dragon. An extra that accompanies the film How to Train Your Dragon.
March 1999: Mikiya Kokutou meets Shiki Ryougi again at the same place where he met her for the first time four years ago...
In this CBS animated miniseries of eight episodes the Peanuts gang (created by Charles M. Schulz) visit important events in United States history.
Young Jiro finds his mother and sister murdered at home  falsely accused he flees to a new life and trains to be an assassin.
A wildly surrealistic computer-generated animation in which a young man is psychologically brutalized by circus characters into believing he is a clown.
An adult animated comedy with rock music soundtrack portraying a far-fetched explanation of the Dawn of Man.
Ryan is a 2004 animated documentary by Chris Landreth about the Canadian animator Ryan Larkin who in later years lived on skid row in Montreal following a history of drug and alcohol abuse.
Caillou learns about winter holiday traditions from around the world. He and his entire family celebrate Christmas sharing giving and caring.
Roger and Doris are a childless couple who get more than they bargained for when a strange child appears at their door one day.
 
Two bear cubs want to meet Santa despite their mother telling them that Santa does not exist. With the help of the park ranger their wish might come true!
An animated safety film adapts the nursery rhyme Three Blind Mice into a song where the mice are factory workers who disregard safety rules and wind up injuring themselves.
The heroes of the film: ordinary matches. A quarrel that breaks out over nothing turns into a real battle in which both warring sides are burned.
A father says goodbye to his young daughter. In time the daughter grows old but within her there is always a deep longing for her father.
Three scantily-clad female figures struggle to hold up the crumbling remains of an ancient Greek temple.
Wile E. Coyote has ordered an ACME bungee cord and has set up a birdseed trap under a highway bridge. It’s a foolproof plan that takes everything into consideration... except oncoming traffic.
Lynch's first film project consists of a loop of six people vomiting projected on to a special sculptured screen featuring twisted three-dimensional faces.
When a little girl loses her teddy bear in the polar bear enclosure at the zoo she is surprised but very happy when the polar bear turns up at her home to return it. Adapted from Raymond Briggs book.
Scott Pilgrim vs. The Animation is an animated short based on Bryan Lee O'Malley's Scott Pilgrim franchise.
Stainboy visits his troubled past.
Fred is cast as Ebenezer Scrooge in a stage adaption of the story but is acting a bit stingy in real life.
It's Christmas Day in the home of Granny and her pet cat Sylvester delights at chasing her new Tweety Bird and takes fright at the bulldog unwrapped from under the tree.
In a take-off of Charles Dickens The Christmas Carol Mr. Spacely is being so greedy and selfish that he would even make Ebenezer Scrooge blush.
A little troll finds himself in a wonderful voyage from the Troll Kingdom until a human house where he discover the Christmas and God.
The last survivor of the dead planet Krypton uses his amazing powers to defend people of his adopted world Earth.
Spider-Man meets some of his greatest foes including Green Goblin Kingpin and Dr. Octopus and rediscovers his own identity in the process.
A rap group heads to Atlanta to participate in Atlanta's revived Freaknik festival.
Yogi escapes from Jellystone and hides out in a department store - posing as the Store's Santa. Along the way he helps a little girl to rediscover her faith in Christmas.
A USSR-made violent farcical yet quite faithful adaptation of the famous Robert Louis Stevenson's book that combines animated sequences with live action parts.
This film tells the story of a shepherd who repairs the ruined ecosystem of a secluded valley by singlehandedly cultivating a forest over a thirty year period.
A selection of old and new Bugs Bunny and friends cartoons.
When a machine that allows therapists to enter their patient's dreams is stolen all hell breaks loose. Only a young female therapist can stop it: Paprika.
An update of the original film with new interpretations of great works of classical music.
Pete Puma is trying to raid the henhouse Foghorn Leghorn is guarding  Foggy decides to have some fun with Pete.
When Martians suddenly abduct his mom mischievous Milo rushes to the rescue and discovers why all moms are so special.
Thistle the magician and his forest friends take on the emperor Mrazomor and his horde of ice witches.
E.B. the Easter Bunny's teenage son heads to Hollywood determined to become a drummer in a rock 'n' roll band. In LA he's taken in by Fred after the out-of-work slacker hits E.B. with his car.
Easter-themed showcase of classic Warner Bros. cartoons hosted by Bugs Bunny and Granny.
Spawn is still on his quest to return to his love Wanda but is still in trouble. He is guided though by Cogliostro who is the only one who can give him his humanity back.
Five minutes before his big performance the Maestro and his persistent mechanical assistant are getting ready. As the clock ticks life at the top is not all it seems.
Spike is showing his son Tyke how to barbecue when his cooking is disrupted by a typical Tom-and-Jerry chase.
The Peanuts gang perform the classic Broadway musical. In addition to the classic songs we see Charlie Brown and his friends perform the various comedy sketches of the play.
This film shot in pixilation (a kind of stop-motion animation with actors) is about two neighbours who come to barbaric blows over a flower that straddles the property line.
Animated documentary about two Sudanese children who are abducted and used as slaves
A woman's story of how she became involved in terrorist activities in the 1970s.
The movie centers on a group of animals in a national park in Bombay trying to figure out a way to stop humans from building an apartment complex on their land.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Cesarjev slavček Srečne galoše in Bedak Jurček.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Snežna kraljica 1. in 2. del ter Sneženi mož.
Na tem DVD-ju je Andersenova pravljica Čudežno potovanje.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Kraljična na zrnu graha Cvetlice male Ide Jelka in Svinjski pastir.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Grdi raček Vrtnar in njegova družina Juha iz špile in Sopotnik.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Mala morska deklica Tako kakor napravi stari je zmerom prav Prav gotovo in Spanček zaspanček.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Cesarjeva nova oblačila Zaročenca Stara cestna svetilka in Stekleničin vrat.
Na tem DVD-ju so naslednje Andersenove pravljice: Divji labodi Berti in Vžigalnik.
A collection of arctic animals (seals walruses polar bears penguins) float by on ice floes and on shore performing various musical numbers.
The amazing story of Daniel a dolphin who abandons the safety of his pod to explore the ocean and discover the true purpose of his life.
The season series of Silly Symphonies continues with squirrels storing nuts and corn crows stealing it beavers building a dam ducks migrating and the like as the first snows fall.
An old oak tree retells its life story: 2000 years of cultural history condensed into just over 10 minutes...
Charlie Brown goes to Peppermint Patty's New Year's party.
The story of a man who rescues a German shepherd and how the two become fast friends.
The cowboy Lucky Luke tracks the Dalton brothers who escaped from prison and are seeking refuge in Canada.
A thrilling mystery that unfurls in the alleys and on the rooftops of the French capital Paris over the course of one adventurous evening.
When a new geothermal heating system is installed under the high school they thaw out a Neanderthal ancestor of Jughead!
A young man wishes he could get away and his wish is granted in a globetrotting song singing way.
The Zooks and the Yooks are at war over the butter and bread - on which side should one spread?
When a doubting young boy takes an extraordinary train ride to the North Pole he embarks on a journey of self-discovery that shows him that the wonder of life never fades for those who believe.
Opus the Penguin struggles to achieve his seemingly impossible dream to be able to fly.
A voodoo doll must find the courage to save his friends from being pinned to death.
A group of cannibals gather together for a tribal dance. In the middle of their gala they are interrupted by a ferocious lion!
Tom has plans to take a nice long nap in a hammock but Jerry has gotten there first and is snoozing happily so the two fight it out to see who gets to sleep there.
In Scotland Bugs Bunny rescues a woman from a monster. The woman is a kilted Scotsman and the monster is his bagpipe. The Scotsman then challenges Bugs to a game of golf.
West and soda is a 1965 traditionally-animated Italian feature film directed by Bruno Bozzetto. It is a parody of the traditional American Western.
A cat being sent out for the night begins to make trouble for some birds. He later has a nightmare that the birds grow and begin to extract their revenge.
The short-tempered Daffy Duck must improvise madly as the backgrounds his costumes the soundtrack even his physical form shifts and changes at the whim of the animator.
The story of a Kiwi who spends his whole life working towards achieving his dream.
Bugs is in drag as the Valkyrie Brunhilde who sits on an overwieght horse. She is pursued by Elmer playing the demigod Siegfried.
Daffy Duck and Bugs argue back and forth whether it is duck season or rabbit season. The object of their arguments is hunter Elmer Fudd.
The final installment of the Hunting Trilogy once again has Elmer out hunting while Bugs and Daffy try to con him into shooting the other.
While trying to collect autographs at a Hollywood studio Donald meets a number of movie stars and runs afoul of a security guard.
Gardener Donald spots bees in his garden and follows them back to the hive in search of honey. The bee guarding the hive won't let him in so Donald disguises himself as a bee.
Donald tries his best to be polite and dignified as a hotel bellboy. But when his first guest is Pete Junior the job is next to impossible.
An older beetle of a rare variety advises a young passerby against crossing a stream where he is likely to get trapped by bug collector Donald as he himself almost was when he was young.
Donald decides to try cooking along with a radio show.
Donald takes a job as a gift wrapper in a department store.
Wilshire Pig and Sheldon Snail discover a map to uncover Doctor Frankenswine's monster. All kinds of mishaps ensue in their quest.
Mickey Mouse piloting a steamboat delights his passenger Minnie by making musical instruments out of the menagerie on deck.
It's the 1890's and Donald is riding his penny-farthing bicycle to see Daisy when Chip 'n Dale make fun of him. It quickly escalates into a full-fledged war between Donald and the chipmunks.
Betty brings home a cat as a playmate for her pet puppy Pudgy. The cat manages to get Pudgy blamed for all his misbehaviour.
5 members of the U.B.C.S. are sent to Racoon City to trace Dr. Chameleon and foremost her research. However the horrors they encounter are beyond their imagination.
The Night of Taneyamagahara is an anime short film directed by Kazuo Oga and released by Studio Ghibli. A DVD version was released for Japan on July 7 2006.
A snipe that lives with a pelican in a lighthouse must continually keep his pelican friend from harm when he flies in his sleep.
A small house has to try to compete with progress and the encroaching press of the big city.
The Minions fight over a delicious banana.. but is that all they want?!
The Minions have to make Gru's home safe for the children before Child Services arrive!
With so many jobs to choose from the Minions have to make serious decisions after watching an 'Initiation Video'. What could go wrong?!
Out of favour and out of luck dog-juggling vaudevillian Tiny has one last shot at redemption if he can overcome the menace of the dark-hearted silent movie star Arnold Hew.
Two astronauts in a cramped spaceship find it increasingly difficult to get along in English director Matthew Walkers wickedly funny take on the roommates from hell.
Interviews with the public are used to put words in animal mouths in the Oscar-winning film from the creator of Wallace and Gromit.
A young man is in love with an image in a picture frame. To find out if the love he feels is returned he picks a flower and starts picking the petals off it.
The film is a retelling of the story of Lord Rama from his birth until his battle with Ravan at Sri Lanka.
Donald's cousin Gus Goose arrives unexpectedly. Despite the note from his mother saying he don't eat much he's soon eating Donald out of house and home.
Playing around while aboard a cruise ship the Chipmunks and Chipettes accidentally go overboard and end up marooned in a tropical paradise. They discover their new turf is not as deserted as it seems.
Donald has to work hard to save his garden and price-winning melons from a hungry badger.
A superhuman outlaw courier and his female partner/manager are framed for the kidnapping of a millionaire's daughter.
Donald Duck delivery boy is hired to deliver a mysterious package on Friday the Thirteenth. He is hindered by a bothersome black cat -- and by the fact that the package contains a live bomb.
An animated short film produced by Pixar included as a bonus on the DVD edition of the 2004 feature film The Incredibles.
Fourth Break Blade Movie.
Fifth Break Blade Movie.
The film adapts a story from volume 5 of the Kino no Tabi light novel series and tells of another country Kino travels through.
Donald is vacationing at a dude ranch. After all the beautiful women pick the best horses Donald ends up with the sad sack Rover Boy. But Rover Boy wants nothing to do with Donald.
An adventurous tale in which Spot and his friends help Santa find his special Christmas sleigh.
A tale of infidelity deceit greed and murder. Nick Compton a Palm Springs real estate developer...
You may think you know the history of continental drift but forget all that. In pursuit of his most sought after possession Scrat manges to singled-handedly alter the course of Earth’s history.
The lion is trapped by the safari and brought to New York where he's accidentally set free but nobody is intimidated by him.
Life on apocalypse Aqualoid proceeds humorously and grandiosely  Nam's new sword starts attracting aggressive Inorganics however endangering him Rasa friends and the whole planet.
A human body gradually reconstructs itself as its various component parts crowd themselves into a small room and eventually after much experimentation sort out which part goes where.
Kangaroo Jack is back but this time he's animated! Three Teenagers go to the Outback and find themselves back in Vegas - trying to get Jack home!
We follow Ezio Auditore a legendary Master Assassin in his enduring struggle to remove the treacherous Borgia family from their papal throne.
Red Riding Hood is training in the group of Sister Hoods when she and the Wolf are called to examine the sudden mysterious disappearance of Hansel and Gretel.
Granny O'Grimm a seemingly sweet old lady loses the plot as she tells her version of Sleeping Beauty to her terrified Granddaughter
The adventures of the mole.
Come celebrate the power of friendship with the adventures of Maggie and her friends the large and lovable Ferocious Beast and the steadfast and true pig Hamilton Hocks.
Golodorak The Movie
On a rainy afternoon a child plays with his snails. He falls along with them in a dreamy snail circus.
When a giant threatens the land the cityfolk mistake Mickey's boast of killing seven flies with one blow to be giants. He is then forced to fight the giant for real.
The title pretty much says it: fish and other marine life dance and frolic to various tunes. An octopus keeps spoiling the fun in various ways.
Manny Diego and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world.
Episodes: I Believe in Me Make No Mistake have No Fear Cowboy Max Try It You'll Like It
Na DVD-ju so naslednje risanke: Zadnji trenutek Pixice v akciji.
Na DVD-ju so naslednje risanke: Spopad čarodejev Razodetje čarovnic .
Na DVD-ju so naslednje risanke: Čarodejev bes Nov začetek .
Part cartoon and part documentary this film offers a humorous look at birds and the ways people perceive them.
Na DVD-ju so naslednje risanke: Mitzijino darilo Vila v nevarnosti Winx Believix Beli obroč .
Far Far Away Idol is a Dreamworks Animation SKG short film and an alternate ending to Shrek 2. It is included on the Shrek 2 DVD and VHS. The story takes place after Shrek 2.
A boy finds a strange creature on a beach and decides to find a home for it in a world where everyone believes there are far more important things to pay attention to.
It is the year 3069 and the Earth has been robbed of all its natural resources destroyed by war and ozone depletion.
Goofy illustrates the various Olympic track-and-field events and the torch traditions.
Disney animator Dan Lund documents the studio's decision to shut down its hand-drawn animation department and focus instead on computer-generated animation.
A satirical alternative history of World War II where the Nazis seize London and England must band together to prevent a full on invasion.
A basic explanation of the purpose and process of menstruation told largely with diagrams (and completely avoiding the subject of sex).
A sequel to A Cricket in Times Square in this feature a musical cricket returns to his New York City home and his friends a cat and a mouse to discover the meaning of Christmas.
Imprisoned by a sorcerer who fears she will rob him of eternal life guileless young Princess Arete befriends a villager who helps her plan an escape.
Let's Talk With Puppy Dog - ABC's Counting Shapes &amp  Colors
Enigmatic stop-motion animated story of a man's day.
Stop-motion animated story of a puppet teachers lessons to a boy.
Stop-motion animated short film in which a puppet on a trike captures a puppet bird-man.
Stop-motion animated short film in which a puppet newly released from his strings explores the sinister room in which he finds himself.
Stop-motion animated short film in which among other things a man made of wire looks malevolent.
A porcelain doll’s explorations of a dreamer’s imagination.
Stop-motion animated short film with a white ball a rabbit and a girl and a voice singing Are We Still Married.
Stanley: Baby Pictures Stanley: Caterpillar Countdown Stanley: Save the Bluebird! Stanley: Searching for Spring
The story of a beautiful mermaid who gave up a kingdom for her beloved prince.
Adventures of Mowgli is an animated feature-length story originally released as five animated shorts of about 20 minutes each between 1967 and 1971 in the Soviet Union.
Two young rival dragon riding warriors fight to end a 1000 year old war despite the hidden manipulator opposing them.
On the verge of attack by the evil witch queen Prince Dev and Princess Kyra turn to a young rebel named Gorhager for help in protecting the Human World and the Dragon World.
Tower 37 siphons every drop of water from a once-pristine lake that is until the station's steward realizes that it is slowly destroying an entire ecosystem.
When a young female mouse makes a deal with the devil to become a rock star and learns the price her boyfriend has to help her avoid damnation.
A story of a rat family who have to leave their home because humans start a construction site. Now the rats are searching for a place to stay.
About the little rescue boat Elias and his friends in the coastal community Cozy Cove. The story takes place during winter time.
A 3-D animated film about the dream of reaching the unreachable and about the fact that something good can evolve from something evil.
Linus is pushed to his limits when he learns Grandma is coming to visit and plans on ridding him of his childish security blanket.
A guided tour of European landscape from which Studio Ghibili's director Miyazaki-san award-winning anime films were based on.
Donald visits a penny arcade where he sees a risque Daisy dancing in one of the nickelodeon shows and later has trouble with the airplane ride.
Ranger Woodlore is interpreting Grand Canyon for the tourists  Donald is of course making more trouble than everyone else put together.
Miss Remarkable's struggle with her own demons crushing parental expectations and a career meltdown.
Penny and her family are lured on an all expenses paid vacation where a mad scientist captures them refusing to let them go because Oscar won't reveal his on of his secret Proud Snacks formulas.
The adventures of Komaneko the curious cat and his friends.
A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University — when they weren't necessarily the best of friends.
At the edge of society a cow tips the balance of destiny with quite some impact.
A series of short animations that show different worlds and different characters. These episodes are designed to take the viewer into a psychological world of fantasy and mystery.
Bob the Builder and his gang travel to a winter resort and have to help build the venues for the Bobblesberg Winter Games since the original crew assigned the tasked gets snowed under.
Meet the cheeky but kind-hearted Little Frick and his fiddle as he works for three years for three shillings and compassionately gives them away to every vagabond he meets. But the reward is immense.
After Sumsemann the beetle loses one of his arms to a troll he invites brother and sister Peterchen and Annaliese to join him on a journey to the moon in a quest to retrieve his lost arm.
Animated story of Joseph in Egypt
Garfield and Odie fantasize that they are on a Middle-East mission to retrieve the Banana of Bombay the symbol of humour to nations around the world.
Jon Garfield and Odie audition for the talent show Pet Search in hopes of winning the $1000 prize and a chance at the finals in Hollywood.
Garfield the cat daydreams that he's an old-time private detective.
Garfield Jon and Odie head out into the great outdoors.
Garfield Jon and Odie are in Hawaii and must save a native tribe from a erupting volcano with the help of their rented 1957 Chevy. Not that isn't time for Garfield to have a little love interest.
Fueled by remorse and vengeance a high schooler named Terry McGinnis revives the role of Batman. Under supervision of an elderly Bruce Wayne he fights crime in a harsh futuristic Gotham.
On a winter night the author of The King and the Mockingbird is visited by the cartoon characters he created in his studio. Along with a little clown he screens a selection of his favorite shorts
The entire Disney menagerie appears in a parade urging the purchase of war bonds.
Donald Duck buys Canadian war bonds in World War II.
World War II propaganda film on the importance of American farming. A morale booster film stressing the abudance of American agricultural output.
Goofy provides a history of ships and sailing.
Documentary short film demonstrating the process by which waste fats from the kitchens of American homes can be transformed into the raw materials for explosives for the war effort.
An educational short from Disney on the importance of good nutrition.
Pluto is in the infantry guarding a pillbox from saboteurs.
A World War II propaganda film about the need to remain calm and logical during wartime.
Pluto longs to be an Army mascot (especially after he sees how well they are fed) so he hatches a plan to take the place of the real mascot.
This animated documentary outlines the history and importance of corn in North America.
Animated documentary promoting timely filing and payment of Federal income taxes demonstrated by Donald Duck's difficulties with his tax return.
The old shell game gets a new face as Donald stays off-base past Taps and has to try to sneak back in with out alerting Pete.
Donald Duck deals with income taxes and their benefit to the American war effort in this inspirational documentary short animated film.
The Three Little Pigs sell Canadian war bonds.
Disney animated educational film about staying safe from disease.
The Seven Dwarfs fight malaria.
Goofy demonstrates a number of crazy vehicles.
Bugs Bunny vs. a famous opera singer at the Hollywood Bowl.
Porky has an adventure in Wackyland while searching for the last Do-Do bird.
A struggling songwriter named Dave Seville finds success when he comes across a trio of singing chipmunks: mischievous leader Alvin brainy Simon and chubby impressionable Theodore.
A peasant woman is banished from her village and makes a deal with the devil to gain magical powers.
A story of a man’s erotic experiences since the age of seven based on the seventeenth-century novel “Koushoko Ichidai Otoko” by Saikaku Ihara.
Whether hiking or going to the movies the furry foursome always enjoy together as a family Week at Grandma's Go to the Movies Attic Treasure Bears for all Seasons Mama's New Job The Big Red Kite
Join Fifi and the Flowertots in five exciting episodes. Episodes include: 'Fifi's Talent Show' 'Smelly Slugsy' 'Bumble Catches A Cold' 'Bumble's Big Race!' and 'Flowertots Fallout'.
This is a very fantastic and different world about love.
Animated Argentine film about a young girl turtle who gets lost on a balloon trip.
Animated Argentine film.
A freak accident unleashes a demonic spirit within researcher John Stalker - transforming him into Saldo a mythical cyber-beast fueled by hate and evil.
A young boy learns he is part of a powerful race of psionic humans who must fight the normal humans determined to keep them from Earth.
By accident Cedric (Goofy) replaces his master Sir Loinsteak in the armor just before the joust with champion Sir Cumference.
Mr. X buys a boat and inadvertantly enters the water skiing race. With Junior driving with no experience he's a bit out of his league.
Goofy has to get a box belonging to a magician in time for the next train to pick the baggage. Clumsy Goofy drops the box and a lot of magician's props appear.
A sailor doll thrown into a toy dump rallies the demoralized dolls that were already there.
It's the big college basketball game  everyone playing looks like Goofy and he's the only fan of the visiting team P.U.
Goofy goes fishing with his best friend Wilbur a grasshopper.
The gang is on vacation. Goofy has some surfing problems Donald learns why you don't wear a grass skirt near a fire Pluto and a starfish have a tiff followed by an encounter with a hermit crab.
It's Taxidermy Tech vs. Anthropology A&amp M for this introduction to college football.
Donald's nephews use a mountain lion costume to scare Donald away so they can grab a pie off the windowsill. The deception is exposed but a short while later a real mountain lion comes along.
A five minute short about a superhero with a mechanical arm in a futuristic wasteland killing aliens who want him dead.
The monkeys are swinging  their song and dance routine has other jungle creatures joining in. And two monkeys in love chase and kiss. But the hungry crocodiles lie in wait (and dance the soft shoe).
Goofy (front) and Donald (rear) are dressed in a moose suit trying to lure moose for hunter Mickey. When they do find one it turns out to be more than they can handle.
Thrown out of the house into the backyard the three kittens are sheltered by a giant Saint Bernard and are tormented by a turtle and a bluebird.
Mild-mannered average guy Mr. Walker (Goofy) turns into violent Mr. Wheeler when he starts driving. Back on his feet Mr. Walker finds it nearly impossible to cross the street.
Donald is a park ranger assigned to protect the giant tree Old Sequoia from a pair of beavers that bear a striking resemblance in their tactics and speech to Chip 'n' Dale.
Santa's little helpers must hurry to finish the toys before Christmas Day.
Flowers insects and a crow family all dance to a jaunty tune celebrating spring. After a brief storm grasshoppers frogs and spiders cavort to the Dance of the Hours.
Space hero Daffy battles Marvin the Martian for control of Planet X.
Donald flies his model airplane into Chip 'n Dale's tree. Dale climbs in and proceeds to cause trouble.
Goofy takes a lighthearted look at self defense through the ages: cavemen knights the age of chivalry and finally boxing.
Goofy tries his hand at a big job in the circus: feeding and washing the elephant.
The various clocks and watches in a clock store dance ring alarms musically and otherwise entertain us in an after hours presentation.
Goofy goes duck-hunting.
Three orphan kittens are entering a society house in winter and ruin the furniture. But when they're caught by the maid the young daughter of the house rescues them from the cold out outside.
Big game hunter Goofy and his trusty elephant search for a tiger to hunt.
9 Hi-Definition music animations All 8 animations from Animusic 2 Pipe Dream from Animusic 1 Bonus Features
In the last of the Silly Symphonies season cycle bears hibernate (or try to) raccoons sneeze moose swim and pretty much everyone ice skates. Everyone gathers around the groundhog to see what happens.
A baby woodpecker mistakes Jerry for his mother. The mouse rejects the newly hatched bird but soon finds himself protecting it against his feline nemesis Tom.
Donald shows his nephews the moves that won him his hockey trophy. But the boys have a few moves of their own.
Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet.
An undertaker kills a priest so that he can have sex with corpses.
Kei and Yuri are called in to solve the mystery of a vanishing starship.
Sent to the planet Agerna to investigate a feud between two opposing factions Kei and Yuri must find out why strange creatures are attacking vezorium test plants.
A young man enters a mysterious house and witnesses surreal images including a wolf man a man in a fast vehicle speeding through the halls and an insane surgeon who severs people's limbs.
A coffee house calamity involving all types of crazy caffeinated characters
A village of dwarfs dance and play through their day. A blacksmith shoes a centipede a street-cleaner sweeps a marching-band strikes up and the townsmen roll out beer barrels.
This compilation by the Bother Quay are a montage of several of their short stop-motion films.
A foul-mouthed bull attempts to entertain a group of children with a story about a moose with enchanted weasels living in his pants.
A record commercial featuring the greatest musical group of all time the Meatles. You'll see rare interviews with The Fab Foreskin as well as never before seen clips that have never been seen before
A short film documenting the actual life of an explosive underground Japanese singer and songwriter who is seduced by dreams of fame in America.
While Pluto naps his son gets into scrapes with various other animals and other hazards. Pluto eventually wakes up and comes to his rescue.
Police dog Pluto is tracking down Butch the dog that abducted rich dog Ronnie for a 10000 bone ransom. Pluto releases Ronnie but is hunted by Butch.
A short film about a parrot addicted to crackers.
A stripper takes vengeance on her audience.
Tom whose appetite was whetted by a radio cooking program wants to make a meal out of the pet goldfish. Jerry who is friends with the fish does what he can to thwart their feline foe.
Jerry agrees to help an escaped circus lion whose first need is food. But first they'll have to evade Tom who heard the news bulletin and is armed with a shotgun.
When Tom's harassment gets out of hand Jerry writes to his Cousin Muscles a tough inner city mouse and asks for his help.
A circus juggler falls for a trapeze artist in this short animation.
The travels of the last four surviving members of the Ninku Ninja bring them to a town in need of protection where they find that they arent the only ones calling themselves Ninku
Julie brings a man back to her place with the intention of having sex with him. Unfortunately both partners body issues causes problems.
A claymation short that parodies 80s action flicks.
A mustachioed dandy gallops up and scales a high tower to rescue a sweet innocent-looking damsel. She captures him and ties him down for what he thinks will be a kinky little tryst...
A violent man wants some quiet time and he makes sure he gets it no matter what.
A buddha-like figure meditating on a high platform is fussily scrutinized by a whirring clicking mechanical bureaucrat.
A hungry babysitter gets creative when faced with no decent food to eat.
A man with a truck full of meat attempts to sell his wares in a trailer park.
Time winds backward through a series of vignettes tracing through the fate of a reckless baroness and two men who fight to possess her.
A bizarre trip through the thoughts of a woman who wonders who she is and who she could become.
Several pieces of Frank Zappa's music are set against clay animation by Bruce Bickford.
An animated short film about a cat trying to catch a mouse.
Jerry Mouse befriends a newly hatched duck who can't swim and ends up protecting him against his feline nemesis Tom.
Donald's sister Dumbella sends her three sons Huey Dewey and Louie to visit their uncle Donald. They prove to be quite a handful for Donald even with help from his book on child rearing.
An animator's lovable depiction of one of the beauties of early childhood
A cat left alone with a very hungry baby discovers a rather satisfying solution to his problem...
While Jean Jean takes his pet fish for a walk the evil cat sneaks into his house to to kill his mother  but his plans go awry when the orange juice cow shows up...
Things go awry when two teenagers attempt to have sex while the parents are out...
A constipated couch potato finds relief with laxatives.
This Jurassic Park short parody has a scientist opening a dinosaur themed park for the children and things go predictably wrong when he uses dinosaurs as parking lot attendants.
A dating show parody.
A man on a date picks his nose behind a menu with unintended consequences...
The story of a boy who refuses to let go of the greatest parents in the whole world...
A short film about a man who has a really shitty day.
Pot really hits the spot in this family.
What's a man to do when there's no toilet paper? Improvise!
A different theory on Dinosaur extinction.
A young man does what it takes to finally get his mother's approval...
A short animation about two unattractive girls' pathetic attempt at popularity.
A sexually frustrated dog humps everything in sight and gives a special surprise to the dinner guests.
When a frustrated fast food employee daydreams while working the fryer he makes some tasty treats for the patrons.
A dog attempts to crap on a man's well manicured lawn.
The dog returns in this short sequel to exact his vengeance.
Joe dreams of having a neck in this short animation
In this next No Neck Joe installment Joe tries to see what his friends are looking at.
A boy born without the top of his head endures the ridicule of his peers at school and seeks a way for acceptance.
This short animation details Brian's birth and the travails of his early life without the top of his head.
Seven days in the life of Lloyd and his self-mutilating misadventures.
In this equally sick and twisted animation sequel to Lloyd's lunchbox Lloyd bites off his finger eating his snot flays his fingertips attempting to clean his nails farts out his intestines and more.
Lloyd returns once again in this third animation to wreak even more havoc on himself. Includes teeth pulling shooting himself in a cannon stepping on nails and more.
Children shouldn't play with guns. Or should they?
Every man's worst nightmare  getting his manhood caught in his zipper.
A man picks his nose and eats his snot.
Sex episoder om det lilla spöket laban som är mörkrädd.
Another great day at Richard Scarry's Busytown where the kids will learn favorite songs about letters numbers shapes and sizes while all your other favorite characters join in.
Let the kids go to Busytown for the day and learn all about the many different jobs people do so they can see what they might want to be when they grow up.
Sing-along songs from the Busytown characters featuring new songs Stop Look and Listen and At the Library.
Short soviet animated movie about a girl who wants a dog while her mother does not approve. The girl then starts playing with her mitten pretending that it is a dog...
No movie overview available.
The continuation of the adventures of heroes of Bremenskie Muzykanty.
Moomin Sniff and My set out to stop a comet approaching the Moomin valley. Along the way they meet Snusmumriken the beautiful Snorkfröken Snorken and a Hemul who join them in their quest.
The BBC documentary takes a look into the Pixar studios as they celebrate their 25th birthday and at the creative process involved in creating the animation classics that we love.
Travel Channel special looks at some of the lesser-known things you can do at the Walt Disney World Resort.
A young grizzly bear undaunted by his mother's warnings of the coming winter runs away from home only to be confronted by Old Man Winter himself.
Han Solo and Chewbacca are double dealt by an IG series bounty hunter.
Talks about the iconographical sources that Walt Disney and his studio's designers drew on to create the films that are incontestably among the masterpieces of animation.
Mickey Mouse is a singing lifeguard. Minnie Mouse is the damsel he must rescue before she is swept out to sea.
Nezumi Monogatari is the story of two mice called George and Gerald who embark on a journey together with three friends to find the “Dragon of Light”.
Short film by Marie Paccou and argentinian illustrator Caloi.
Superman battles a criminal mastermind and his robot army.
Based on the movie Open Season and found on the DVD partners in crime Boog and Elliot try to raid an RV for fresh-baked bear claws.
Based on the novel Don Quixote by Miguel de Cervantes
DJ Yoda Goes To The Movies live at The Curzon Soho Cinema in London
Two dogs one stray the other well-off become friends.
No movie overview available.
No movie overview available.
No movie overview available.
When the Snow Queen a lonely and powerful fairy kidnaps the human boy Kay his best friend Gerda must overcome many obstacles on her journey to rescue him.
A grown-up Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm decide to get married.
A 1968 animation/documentary that criticises the industrial system.
Professor Jerry teaches a course in how to outwit cats but his pupil seems to know more than Jerry.
Tells the adventures and misfortunes of Demodoco a projectionist who discovers by chance a one-of-a-kind way to get pleasure. However abusing it leads to risky consequences.
A wandering samurai finds a straw dummy with a magical sword which makes him overwhelmingly powerful but begins to drive him mad.
A retelling of the popular fairy tale that mixes live action and animation.
A nurturing farmer in is danger of losing his crop of windmills when he struggles against the cyclical forces of nature.
Papiroflexia (Spanish for “Origami”) is the animated tale of Fred a chubby man with a passion for paper folding who wants to change the world with his art.
Everyone's favorite nursery rhyme characters come magically and musically to life in this animated adventure based on the classic holiday tale.
A brave young man fights with courage against all enemies to earn his wealth.
Animation movie based on the Cuccioli TV serie
Jerry and his friends flood the kitchen then use the freezer to turn it into a skating rink. Even though Tom finds a pair of ice skates the mice have no problem out maneuvering him.
A spider seeks shelter inside an old toy store where he soon discovers that the merchandise comes to life after dark.
Tom inherits $1000000 from an eccentric aunt on the condition that he not harm any living thing - even a mouse. And guess which mouse keeps following him around and pointing this out to him?
Jerry Mouse gets tired of living the country life and decides to head to the big city. However the experience doesn't turn out quite like Jerry had expected.
An independent short created by a student at the Animation Department at Kyoto Seika University's famed Faculty of Manga.
A man and a woman talking over their relationship.
Short film chronicling human progress or lack of it.
From France to Italy from a Convent to a naughty Theater Company passing by strip-tease clubs Miel ends up involved with an invisible man.
Tom settles in for a day at the beach with his sweety accidentally ruining Jerry's day. Meanwhile Tom's girl is paying more attention to the bodybuilders than to Tom.
Featuring an all-star cast the timeless story comes to life in this all-new feature-length film filled with fun and adventure!
Tom chases Jerry through the streets of Naples  they meet a local mouse who recognizes them from their cartoons and shows them around. Meanwhile some local dogs are shadowing them.
A young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and insuring survival for the human race while an alien species called the Dredge are bent on mankind's destruction.
Tom has amnesia and believes he's a mouse. Jerry finding him more obnoxious as a fellow rodent than as a cat seeks to cure him with a blow to the head.
Chun-Li Guile and Cammy must track down Juri a new fighter who seeks to kill all other world warriors in a quest for ultimate power.
Go Nagai crossover movie.
Go Nagai crossover movie.
An origin story of how three high school girls became like totally spies.
Bugs helps a penguin go home via New Orleans Martinique the Panama Canal and finally the South Pole. But the penguin's home is in New Jersey.
Plumber Donald is using a large magnet in his work. When he drops it it causes trouble for Pluto especially after Pluto swallows it. Things begin clinging to him especially his metal dog dish.
Bugs Bunny relates his early life in the Manhattan tenements and spotlights his encounter with a gang of canine toughs.
Care Bears: Share Bear Shines is a 2010 computer animated direct-to-DVD film featuring the Care Bear Power Team
Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow.
This made-for-television animated film was directed by Jules Bass and Arthur Rankin Jr.
Tom pretends to have a cold in order to trick Mammy into letting him stay inside for the night. Jerry tricks Tom by making him think he really is sick - with the measles.
With their marriage on the rocks Fred and Wilma take a holiday together to rekindle the fire in their relationship.
An animated retelling of Mexico's Independence war as seen through the eyes of three different people.
Tom and Jerry are in a cabin in the wild west. Jerry's rustling food so Tom's owner won't let him eat until he's gotten rid of Jerry.
Spike is taking his son on a picnic. Jerry keeps hiding in the basket so Tom keeps disrupting the picnic while chasing him.
A group of teens are challenged to spend a night in the Wagner mansion on the edge of town. Little do they know the owner has concocted a monstrosity in the basement.
Come join an epic adventure to discover hidden underwater treasure and the lost keys to the Portal of Atlantis!
Catwoman attempts to track down a mysterious cargo shipment that is linked to a Gotham City crime boss called Rough Cut.
Dracula who operates a high-end resort away from the human world goes into overprotective mode when a boy discovers the resort and falls for the count's teen-aged daughter.
An adaptation of Mark Waid's Tower of Babel story from the JLA comic. Vandal Savage steals confidential files Batman has compiled on the members of the Justice League and learns all their weaknesses.
Three children make a daring escape from the underground city in which they are slaves of the Evil Emperor and go in search of the fabled Sky Kingdom and the great Prince Ariel.
Mickey seeks shelter from a storm in a house that turns out to be haunted.The skeletons command him to play the organ  they dance and play along.
Emile is an unhappy little vampire doing a job he detests in a world plunged into perpetual gloom. He serves a despotic mistress who loathes wrinkles in the most extreme way.
All is not well at the Steak_Barn Meat Restaurant. The haughty head-waiter takes an order for the vegetarian option which creates havoc in the kitchen.
Ayane is a High School Student who wants to be a Profesional Wrestler. Her trainer Kunimitsu has other plans for her and her High Kick.
Little Fedor brings a cat to home despite his mother's distaste for cats. He runs away with his talking cat to make more friends on the way.
A modern adaptation of the Charles Perrault's famous fairytale.
A circus lion goes on holiday to Africa but his circus skills doesn't let him be.
A bear cup who has trouble sleeping during winter sneaks out of the house and makes a new friend.
A story about little girl who meet the characters of a Russian fairy tales in the forest.
The continuation of the adventures of Fyodor and his friends from the Prostokvashino village.
A third movie about Fyodor and his friends from the Prostokvashino village and their adventures - this time during the winter.
A comic mystery about Vasia Kurolesov who is trying to become a detective.
The toys throw Ken and Barbie a Hawaiian vacation in Bonnie's room.
The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500.
Taking place after the events of Assassin's Creed: Revelations in the year 1524 in Tuscany follow the retired Assassin Ezio Auditore as he teams up with Shao Jun during his final battles.
Handsome Gunther is a young man with only one possession...a walking and talking cat! This crazy Puss is the cleverest creature in the Kingdom and he's determined to make Gunther into a Prince.
Nobody's home so Tom invites his alley cat friends in to look at home movies (clips from earlier cartoons where Tom gets the drop on Spike). While they're showing them Spike sneaks in.
This is an Australian made-for-television animated film from Burbank Films Australia. The film is an adaptation on Jules Verne's classic French novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea (1870).
Duck faces winter alone having missed the migration
This is a animated adaptation of the famous novel by Robert Louis Stevenson.
At Christmas Grouchy Smurf behaves badly to everyone and it takes the Ghosts of Christmas Past Present and Future to teach him to appreciate Christmas.
The King of Ruritania is kidnapped by his scheming brother: can his British double save him?
Based on a classic Danish children's book by Ole Lund Kirkegaard.
This is an adaptation of the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame by Victor Hugo produced by Burbank Films Australia.
Bogyó a csigafiú és Babóca a katicalány 13 új kalandja.
First animation about Gena and Cheburashka.
Third animation about Gena and Cheburashka.
Fourth animation about Gena and Cheburashka.
This is an animated adaptation of the classic story of Nils Holgerson a naughty boy who is transformed to a very little dwarf and goes through many adventures flying with a band of wild geese.
Parrot Monkey and Elephant are excited to understand how long their friend Boa is. They finally arrive to the result though it is measured in quite a strange fashion.
A sudden rainstorm is unleashed on a city. Everyone seeks refuge. When the clouds thin out life continues.
Little bald Léon loves his grandfather. He loves the old man's bushy black beard which seems endowed with magic powers.
A Christmas Adventure ...From a Book Called Wisely's Tales
Holly and the Hey Girls learn that you never know who might make the perfect friend when they meet the town witch and find out she's really a wonderful old lady who can use a little of their help.
Morty Citymouse invites his cousin Abner Countrymouse for a visit and shows him the ways of the big city including traps eating quietly and busy traffic.
A loose retelling of Hansel and Gretel: two children lost in the woods stumble upon a dwarf village. They're lured into a candy house by a Witch with horror-fying results.
Po and the Furious Five uncover the legend of three of kung fu's greatest heroes: Master Thundering Rhino Master Storming Ox and Master Croc.
The rare original version of the classic underdog holiday story by ace animator Max Fleischer.
Winnie the Pooh and his friends experience high winds heavy rains and a flood in Hundred Acre Wood.
The story of the film is set after the conflict instigated by Toyotomi Hideyoshi ended but not before the Battle of Sekigahara determines who shall be the Shogun of Japan.
Continuing where the original Puss in Boots story ends  King John and his Queen are living unhappily ever after.
A darkly brilliant stop-motion retelling of The Pied Piper of Hamelin.
Written by Raymond Briggs this beautifully animated film tells the story of ten-year-old John. After being woken up early one morning. John finds a big invisible something sitting on his bed.
Heroes of the Pinball Arcade race to stop the invasion of the Video Game terrors
Fun is on the Loose with 3 Dr. Seuss Holiday Classics!  How the Grinch Stole Christmas  The Grinch Grinches The Cat in the Hat  Halloween is Grinch Night. #218 of 250 TV Episodes
A fast food restaurant mini variant of Buzz forcibly switches places with the real Buzz and his friends have to deal with the obnoxious impostor.
A young boy and his dog who happens to have a genius-level IQ spring into action when their time-travel machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed.
Animated film based on the life and stories of Manga writer Yoshihiro Tatsumi who revolutionised the art form with darker more adult stories. The film animates several of his stories
Roger Rabbit once again is chosen for the dangerous task of babysitting Baby Herman and everything is going to be just fine.
Roger Rabbit struggles to keep wandering Baby Herman safe in an amusement park where the usual havoc ensues.
During a picnic Baby Herman follows a beaver into a perilous sawmill - with Roger Rabbit in frantic pursuit.
Daffy convinces his son that old Witch Hazel isn't what he thinks she is.
Michigan J. Frog pops in and out of people's lives through history.
After a prologue about the labor shortage being so acute that some employers would hire anybody or anything a very tired businessman needs some sleep and checks into a hotel run by Elmer Fudd.
Bunny's- or rather Bugs- is an important ingredient in Witch Hazel's brew. All the while William Shakespeare is watching them looking for new dialog.
Hidden in a box of carrots Bugs lands in Tasmania where he matches wits with the Tasmanian Devil.
Bugs must rescue Hansel and Gretel from Witch Hazel's clutches.
The Tasmanian Devil finds Bugs cooking dinner underneath a beach boardwalk.
Ralph gets sent to his room for breaking a window. There he passes the time in Walter Mitty-type fashion daydreaming that he's a parent-saving jungle explorer an alien-fighting jet ace and a convict.
Yosemite Sam as a pirate makes the mistake of trying to bury his treasure chest in Bugs' hole and pays with the loss of his ship.
A muscular dog exploits a cat and a mouse for food but they keep forgetting to bring him gravy!
The Tasmanian Devil is on the loose. Bugs offers to help him find his dinner.
Ralph Phillips dreams about his future only to have his dreams interrupted by Willie N. List using an ACME Anti-Nightmare Machine to compare military and civilian life.
Bugs and the Tasmanian Devil battle it out in a jungle hospital with Bugs convincing Taz that he's sicker than he thinks.
Duck Dodgers finds Marvin Martian's hideout.
Daffy tries to snare the escaped Tasmanian Devil for the $5000 reward offered by the city zoo.
Sylvester meets up with an adorable new character named Cornbread.
After Claude frames Marc Antony making it look like the bulldog ate the kitty Marc must try various methods of getting back at Claude from outside the yard.
A bulldog adopts a small cat but he can't let his owners know.
Ralph is a daydreamer... and he is quick to adapt his current surroundings into new adventurous dreams.
Yosemite Sam the pirate finds a treasure chest which belongs to Bugs Bunny. Bugs is determined to get it back and boards Sam's ship to battle wits with Pirate Sam.
Bugs is the test rabbit shot to the moon. There he meets Commander X-2 who is intent on destroying the Earth with his Aludium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator.
Elmer brings Bugs home for dinner. To save himself Bugs tricks Elmer into thinking there is a terrible outbreak of Rabbititus.
Marc Antony must convince his owner that Pussyfoot is a great mouser to keep him in the house.
New adventures dangers and funny situations are waiting for the heroes of Russian fairy tales.
1992 Indo-Japanese traditional animation feature film directed by Yugo Sako and Ram Mohan produced by Sako and Krishna Shah and based on the Indian epic the Ramayana.
Several animated stories from Metamorphoses the Roman poet Ovid's narrative of legends are presented.
Movie patrons watch and interact with a variety of short subjects and a spoof of the film To Have and Have Not.
Together with her friends and the unicorns Princess Lillifee must free the neighboring country Bluetopia from a cold spell which has covered everything in ice and snow
A fey little Martian with his green dog-soldier K-9 arrive on Earth with instructions to bring back an Earth creature. He chooses Bugs Bunny.
Sylvester alternates chasing the normal Tweety and fleeing a monster version of Tweety.
Bugs Bunny manages to get himself adopted by kindly Dr. Jekyll but is surprised when his benefactor turns into the horrible Mr. Hyde after drinking a potion.
A strange alien captures Porky Pig and Sylvester's entire campsite as a sample to take back to its planet but only Sylvester figures out what is really going on.
Bugs and Daffy get lost on the way to Palm Springs and end up in the Himalayas where they meet an Abominable Snowman who has always wanted a rabbit for a pet.
Daffy is a professional paranormal investigator come to help a possessed damsel in distress.
After indulging in horror comic book reading Daffy has a dream where he is singing in a nightclub for monsters.
Porky Pig spends the night at an Irish castle after being caught in a storm and gets in trouble with the two leprechauns who live there.
Bugs is given a room for the night at the castle of Count Bloodcount in Transylvania.
A cartoon detailing the unrequited love that the line has for the dot and the heartbreak that results due to the dot's feelings for the lively squiggle.
A series of visual gags about baseball. One running gag has an angry fan screaming Kill the ump! Be careful what you wish for.....
To prove he's a true Indian Brave Big Heel-Watha decides to catch a squirrel - but wouldn't you know it  Screwy Squirrel is the first one he sees...
A farmer is initially delighted to get a baby goat but this soon turns to apprehension when he discovers that it eats literally anything (including at one point the animation artwork).
Yet another variation on the Three Little Pigs theme this time told as WW2 anti-German propaganda (the US had just entered the war) with the wolf as a thinly-disguised Hitler.
Collection of classic Tex Avery visual gags set up as a battle between a sleep-deprived bulldog who just wants some shut-eye and a rooster driven by his natural instincts to crow all night long.
The film is a poetic novel for adults. It tells us about love of mother to the kid and her permanent anxiety of him
Droopy and Spike are applying for the job of Dare Devil Dog at the Circus and the one who give the best performance in a variety of feats of strength and daring will get it.
Two outlaws are trying to steal a shipment of gold being guarded by Deputy Droopy and have to keep quiet to avoid alerting the sheriff.
John Pettibone (Droopy) a dog whose love of Dixieland music is not appreciated by those around him has a lucky meeting with Pee-Wee Runt and his All-Flea Dixieland band at the circus.
A rabbit tries all he can to keep a hunting dog awake before tomorrow's big hunt.
An absolutely authentic account of the grazing land battles of the sheep and cattle wars of the early west pitting sheep rancher Droopy against a cattle ranching wolf.
Hobo Spike pretends to be a boy to compete with Scout Droopy for the title of Best Scout and a trip to meet the President.
The wolf escapes from prison but can't get away from police dog Droopy no matter how hard he tries. This is the first cartoon starring Droopy.
A series of gags showing how much more productive farms would be if farmers started crossbreeding their animals to create weird (but very useful) hybrids.
A collection of very brief cartoons mostly revolving around sight gags and puns on the subject of hunting and fishing and the men who are addicted to them.
A young chambermaid finds a neglected nutcracker under a Christmas tree. It comes to life but the Nutcracker is really an enchanted prince.
Blue Puppy is a 1976 Soviet animated film. The lyrics and screemplay were written by Yuri Entin loosely based on the tale by Gyula Urban.
When Spike tries to bury a bone he finds a belligerent gopher.
Droopy and family head west to start a new homestead but have to defend it against Dishonest Dan the cattle man.
George and Junior get a job as dog catchers and spend the picture trying to catch one measly little dog.
The lovesick B.O. Skunk is having no luck finding a mate when Cupid gives him a book called Advice for the Love-Worn to help him out.
Abused by his relatives a young boy seeks the help of a truck-driver's wife and Bhagwan Shri Ganeshji.
A story based on the popular Hans Christian Anderson fairy tale Thumbelina.
Betty Boop and Bimbo run away from home but that night they are scared by a chorus of ghosts singing the title song.
Elisha even though he has self-doubts accepts God’s commands. Through his obedience and faith he becomes one of God’s greatest prophets doing His work and bringing Him praise among His people.
But the lives of the Kikoriki are suddenly turned upside-down when they stumble on a strange device they had only heard about - a TV.
Bing loves being a bee in DC. He loves the fresh air the fragrant blossoms and the honey. But when a ruthless queen hijacks the hive Bing's world is tuned upside down.
This short animation is about the darkroom between Eastern Europe and the American Dream. Prize of Land Baden-Württemberg from International Festival of Animated Film in Stuttgart Germany 1992.
RJ the raccoon produces a nature video which turns out to be an excuse for him and the porcupine children to play pranks on Hammy the squirrel.
The hero Prince Siegfried is out riding one day with his friends when he spies amidst swans on a lake a particularly eye-catching one with a crown on its head the familiar Princess ...
A cowboy seeks to rescue then woo a damsel in distress. But he is constantly thwarted by the scratches breaks and other imperfections present in the film print itself.
A tranquil forest and all of its residents must face the destruction of man. A squirrel born and raised in the forrest fights to defend his home and faces trials and adversities along the way.
A man is sitting in a dark room looking anxious while his tomcat explains the man why he needs some privacy.
The sad and happy times of a young girl and her bear doll a young mouse named Kanku-boya and his family a sycamore tree an old lamp post a hoodlum moth and an alleyway full of posters come to life.
The creation of Earth and Mankind. And how God changed his mind.
A young lion cub named Simba can't wait to be king. But his uncle craves the title for himself and will stop at nothing to get it.
Katy Caterpillar lives in a cherry tree deep in the forest but she longs to see the wide world. When she finally gets her chance she meets lots of fascinating characters along the way.
The concluding chapter of Don Hertzfeldt's animated trilogy of shorts about a man named Bill and his wavering mental state.
A short tale about the demons that slumber deep in the human soul and have the power to push people into the abyss of blind hate fury and rage.
Screwy Squirrel becomes the playmate of a lonesome dopey but strong dog Lenny in a broad parody of John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men.
It's hunting season and all the ducks are wisely staying undercover - apart from this freshly-hatched little duckling who turns out to be more than a match for two inept would-be hunters....
After he is rejected by the Great Poochini as an opening act Mysto the Magician gets his revenge by conducting his next operatic performance.
The wolf escapes from Alka-Fizz prison but the persistent Sergeant McPoodle of the Canadian Mounties (Droopy) follows his trail wherever he goes.
Willoughby a big dumb hound is repeatedly tricked by George the fox into jumping off cliffs among other things.
A hungry wolf with ham in the shape of a pig kid stands in for Santa Claus.
Droopy is part of a pack of English hunting hounds trying unsuccessfully to catch a tricky tea-drinking fox.
Tora-chan and Miike are working on the side of a tuna steamship and manage to run afoul of the short-tempered captain. But the captain makes plenty of trouble on his own!
A comical twist on the history of America.
Spike gets a job running the house for a hibernating bear. Only problem is that same bear is VERY noise-sensitive and Spike's got a rival that wants his job.
A crazy squirrel provokes a dog into trying to catch him throughout the picture.
The wolf the champion toreador and Droopy the challenger are competing to see who is best in the bullring in the hopes of winning the hand of actress Lina Romay (who appears in a live action shot).
The king of the jungle after a well-spent day terrorising the rest of the animals is petrified by a mouse...
The big bad wolf starts out chasing Little Red Riding Hood but switches to Cinderella after seeing the film's title and ends up being chased in turn by her fairy godmother.
At the gates of Heaven the admitting officials have a hard time understanding a newcomer's life story with all his contemporary slang.
A cat who really hates living with people takes a rocket to the moon to get some peace and quiet and finds it is even worse there.
Droopy and Gorgeous Gorillawitz (Spike) are competing for the title of King of Sports and for a kiss from the Queen of Sports. Spike cheats as much as possible but can never seem to beat Droopy.
A cat is driven up the wall by the inhabitant of the cuckoo clock so he spends the film trying to catch him...
The early worm barely escapes the bird again. In search of a way to get rid of the bird he enlists the help of a cat but the bird is too smart for the cat.
The first Texas bad man come running into town a million years B.C.
The entire entourage of a flea circus runs away to join a dog.
In this triangle drama a country chicken chooses between a country rooster and a city rooster.
Tex Avery's narrator shows us the amazing features of the ultra-modern House of Tomorrow.
The truant officer is after Screwy Squirrel for not going to school and doesn't find out the reason until he goes through a load of crazy gags while trying to catch him.
Dangerous Dan McGoo (Droopy) faces the wolf a dangerous outlaw who is trying to steal his girl Lou during the Alaska gold rush. Loosely based on The Shooting of Dan McGrew by Robert W. Service.
A cat learns the art of ventriloquism in order to play a series of practical jokes on a slow-witted bulldog...
Droopy inherits a fortune but the will says that if he meets an untimely death all the money will go to Spike who spends the entire film trying to make this happen.
A dog lives in harmony with Homer the flea. But Homer spots a lady flea on a passing dog and soon he's being attacked by that dog. And he just can't leave the lady flea alone. Meanwhile ...
Two buzzards suffer from acute food shortage and make up for it by cooking each other or at least trying to.
A murder has occurred at Gruesome Gables and the dog detective trying to find the killer was has to deal with some suspicious suspects and a haunted house.
In this western Droopy chases the wolf a dangerous outlaw after he kidnaps Lou a sexy female singer from the saloon.
Sonic the Hedgehog must stop the evil Dr. Robotnik from ruining Christmas after Santa Clause disappears
To fight evil a young rabbit can transform into a star spangled superhero.
An animated short by David O'Reilly filled with absurdist comedy clever satire and imagination.
Daffy play Robin Hood who is so intent that he is the real Mccoy to Friar Tuck (Porky) that he ends up convincing everyone including himself that he is not.
Thomas the cat finds Tweety in the snow warming himself by a cigar butt. Thomas's mistress rescues the little yellow bird before her cat can devour him but Thomas doesn't give up.
An outraged watchmaker wants revenge on his adulterous wife and his partner. He wants Torpedo to take care of them blowing them up...
The misadventures of a teenager girl in her new life as zombie.
In a world controlled and timed by the light a common man has a plan that could change the destiny.
Selkirk the real Robinson Crusoe tells the true story about the castaway who inspired the english writer Daniel Defoe
A bear settles down for his long winter nap and while he sleeps the progress of man continues. He wakes up to find himself in the middle of an industrial complex where nobody believes he's a bear.
A girl goes exploring to find a new house. Along the way she encounters many of Japan's guardian spirits.
A domestic house cat named Francis investigates the grisly feline murders taking place in his new neighborhood.
The trials and tribulations of putting a feature film together
The Country Rat visits his friend the Town Rat but finds that life in the great metropolis is rather too hectic (and dangerous - there's a live cat among all the puppet rodents!)
It is a parable about world wisdom and madness of brave men who are ready to risk their life for the sake of new opening.
Willard a mild mannered insurance adjuster teams up with a foul-mouthed fowl who takes Willard on a surreal quest to become less uptight - and possibly get laid in the process.
As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers of the Old West he befriends a young human and finds true love with a mare.
It is a musical imagination on the theme of the fairy tale of V.Odoevsky Small town in a snuffbox. The film represents an original tiny rock opera.  Source : www.animator.ru
Jeannot a young boy living in the countryside with his mother and grandfather ventures into the forest at night to pick a fern flower before the cock crows.
The famous fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen
The Cinderella story.
The story is based on the legend of the Invisible City of Kitezh which disappears under the waters of a lake to escape an attack by the Mongols.
A parody of the spy movies of the '50s and '60s
This short animation takes as its protagonist a wooden rocking chair that serves as a tool to delve in no more than 15 minutes on a journey through the history of Quebec in the last century.
A city of singing cats is preyed upon by a shadowy figure intent on performing a twisted feline symphony.
The Sun and the Moon are stolen by a vicious creature.
A wolf takes in a little girl.
An overworked cat who wakes up and is immediately engaged in a flurry of stressful morning activities eventually working himself into a nervous breakdown.
Short animated inspired by the Aesop's fable.
An imaginative boy suffers the stifling ordinariness of his family's weekly Sunday ritual.
An English dreamer experiences both the beauty and harshness of nature when he relocates to the Canadian prairie.
A mock educational film demonstrates the threat penguins face due to the hole in the ozone layer.
Machines working on different energy sources see their fortunes fluctuate depending on their proximity to a giant cloud.
Drivers get competitive crossing Australia's Nullarbor Plain.
A tree frog has a hard time scoring a meal.
A dying 15-year-old boy draws stories of an invincible superhero as he struggles with his mortality.
The story about an enamored singing dog who isn't thoroughbred - that's a minus but honorable - that's a plus.
Adaptation of a fairy tale Korney Chukovsky. As big and strong animals succumbing to panic obey little cockroach.
The king of the faeries sends for a young hunter after his shadow escapes and threatens his kingdom.
When a duck hatches from the egg underneath Tom he is convinced he is his mother. Tom thinks that he would like to eat the newborn duck but Jerry shows him the truth while saving him from being eaten.
The Ant and the Aardvark (1969)
Tom is conducting a symphony at the Hollywood Bowl when Jerry comes out to help him.
A being made of sand wakes up in the desert. It finds a bottle near him but it's empty. The noise of dropping water can be heard not far away...
Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal.
Zbigniew Rybczinski's video experiments set to classical music pieces.
In a far-future time ruled by the supernatural a young girl requests the help of a vampire hunter to kill the vampire who has bitten her and thus prevent her from becoming a vampire herself.
When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Philip they are pronounced corrupted and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada.
A family takes a journey across the globe on a strange and amazing flying machine experiencing a series of adventures along the way.
On behalf of oppressed bugs everywhere an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper.
This film deals with a Jewish family in Montreal Canada as they care for a dying grandmother and the young boy who is impatient to get the room he was promised as soon as she kicks the bucket.
The Man of Steel fights a mad scientist who is destroying Metropolis with an energy cannon.
Life is good in the idyllic fairytale village of Nix... until an all-devouring monster appears. Young Willy has to fight it. Alone.
Global political figures such as The Pope Kim Jong Il George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other.
A short surreal experimental animation by Yoji Kuri.
Little Dick the well-endowed dwarf servant of Master Limpcock is being pursued by Nymphomania an ugly witch who must have 69 orgasms to turn herself beautiful again.
Two children receive a strange egg that hatches into their very first Digimon leading to the night that would change their lives forever.
Three characters living in an unfinished painting venture out into the real world in search of their creator to convince him to finish his work.
Into the world of the Emperor Penguins who find their soul mates through song a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce!
Fred manages a little league baseball team that seems absolutely hopeless except for a player that he blindly refuses to recognize.
This short film continues the adventures of the title character as he tries to retrieve his elusive acorn.
An adolescent lion is accidentally shipped from the New York Zoo to Africa. Now running free his zoo pals must put aside their differences to help bring him back.
The very first movie adaptation of J.R.R Tolkein's The Hobbit. Made in just 30 days so that the producer could keep hold of the rights to Tolkein's books.
The Island of Sodor's railway is to help in the construction of a new airport but a fierce summer storm and a rivalry between the steam and diesel engines endanger the job.
When police interfere with a reckless scientist's experiment it creates a deadly meteor shower only Superman can stop.
Will Ferrell stars as The Man in the Yellow Hat a gentleman who looks after his pet monkey - an inquisitive and wonderful creature whose enthusiasm often gets the best of him.
Episode List:  1) Volcano  2) Terror on the Midway  3) Japoteurs  4) Showdown  5) Eleventh Hour  6) Destruction Inc.  7) The Mummy Strikes  8) Jungle Drums
Popeye the Sailor accompanied by Olive Oyl and Wimpy is dispatched to stop the dreaded bandit Abu Hassan and his force of forty thieves.
